nl_question
How many cities do we have?
Count the number of cities.
List all different states .
What are all the distinct states?
How many countries do we have?
Count the number of coutries.
Show names, codes, states, countries for all cities.
What are the names, codes, states, and countries for all cities?
What is the latitude and longitude for Baltimore?
What latitude and longitude correspond to Baltimore?
Show names for all cities in state PA.
What are the names of all cities in PA?
How many cities are in Canada?
Count the number of cities in Canada.
Show names for all USA city ordered by latitude.
What are all the city names for cities in the USA, ordered by latitude?
Show all states and number of cities in each state.
How many cities are in each state?
Show all countries and number of cities in each .
How many cities are there in each country?
List all states with at least two cities.
Which states have at least two cities?
Which state has most number of cities?
Give the state that has the most cities.
Which country has fewest number of cities?
Give the country with the fewest number of cities.
Show the first name and the last name for students living in state MD.
What are the full names of students living in MD?
How many students live in China?
Count the number of students living in China.
Return the first name and major of students are living in Baltimore?
What are the first names and majors of students living in Baltimore?
Show the number of students living in each country.
How many students live in each country?
Find the number of students living in each city.
How many students live in each city?
Which state has most number of students?
Give the state that has the most students.
Which country has least number of students?
Give the country with the fewest students.
Show names for all cities where at least three students live.
What are the names of cities with at least three students?
Show all states where more than 5 students live.
What are the states with more than 5 students?
Show ids for all students who don't live in USA.
What the the student ids for students not living in the USA?
Show ids for all female (sex is F) students living in state PA.
What are the student ids for female students in the state of PA?
Show ids for all male students living outside of USA.
What are the ids for male students not in the USA?
What is the distance between BAL and CHI?
Give the distance between BAL and CHI?
Show me the distance between Boston and Newark.
What is the distance between Boston and Newark?
What is the average, minimum, maximum distance between two cities?
Give the average, minimum, and maximum distances between two cities.
Show me the city code of two cities with maximum distance.
What are the city codes of the cities with the maximum distance?
Show me the city code of two cities with a distance greater than the average.
What are the city codes of cities with distance greater than average?
Show me the city code of two cities with a distance less than 1000.
What are the city codes corresponding to cities with distances less than 1000?
What is the total distance between city BAL and all other cities.
What is the sum of distances between BAL and other cities?
What is the average distance between Boston and all other cities.
Give the average distance between Boston and other cities.
What is the name of the city closest to Chicago?
Give the name of the nearest city to Chicago.
What is the name of the city furthest to Boston?
Give the city name of the city with greatest distance from Boston.
Show all city codes and the total distance to all other cities.
For each city, what is the the city code and sum of distances from each?
Show all city names and the average distance to all other cities.
What are the city name and average distances from each city?
How far do Linda (first name) Smith (last name) and Tracy (first name) Kim (last name) live?
What is the distance between the cities where Linda Smith and Tracy Kim live?
What is the first name and last name of the student living furthest to Linda Smith?
What is the full name of the student who lives furthest from Linda Smith?
Which state does the student whose first name is Linda live in?
Give the state that the student with first name Linda lives in.
