nl_question
What is the total number of households in Arecibo county?
Which residential area in Arecibo county has the highest average house value? Please give its zip_code.
Please list the numbers of males in all the residential areas in Arecibo county.
Among all the residential areas in Arecibo county, what is the zip_code of the one with the highest white population?
In which county is the residential area with the highest average income per household located?
Please list the names of all the counties with at least one residential area that implements daylight saving.
Please list the zip_codes of all the residential areas in Huntingdon county with over 30 employees.
What is the bad alias of the residential area with the highest average house value?
Please list the bad alias of all the residential areas with a median female age of over 32.
What is the average median female age of all the residential areas in the Arecibo county?
What is the area code of the city with the female median age over 32 years old?
What is the alias of the city called Hartford?
How many counties are there in Alabama?
What are the precise locations of the cities with an area code of 787?
What is the difference in the most populated city of Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ in 2020 against its population in 2010?
List all the zip codes in the county of New Castle in Delaware.
Which state is Outagamie County in? Give the full name of the state.
What party does the area with the zip code 91701 belong to?
How many males are there in New Haven County's residential areas?
Give the location coordinates of the city with area code 636.
Show the zip code of the county represented by Buchanan Vernon.
Which state is area code 878 in? Give the name of the state.
How many counties are there in Virginia State?
Give the name and the position of the cbsa officer from the area with the zip code 45503.
Tell the name of the county which is represented by Hartzler Vicky.
Which city and state has the bad alias of Lawrenceville?
Name both the alias and the bad alias of zip code 38015.
What is the zip code of the district represented by Steven A King?
What is the area code of Phillips county in Montana?
Name 10 cities with their states that are under the Lexington-Fayette, KY office of the Canada Border Services Agency.
Calculate the ratio between the number of representatives in Alabama and the number of representatives in Illinois.
State the male population for all zip code which were under the Berlin, NH CBSA.
List all the bad alias for zip codes in Puerto Rico.
What is the longitude and latitude for the district represented by Grayson Alan?
What is the state for area code of 787?
How many zip codes are under Barre, VT?
Among the zip code under Saint Croix county, which zip code has the biggest land area?
Among the cities with an area code 939, which city has the highest Asian population?
Give the name of the country and state of the city with elevation of 1039.
What is the area code of the city with the largest land area?
Give the area code of the city with the white population ranging between 1700 to 2000.
Among the cities with area code 608, how many cities implement daylight savings?
Provide the average elevation of the cities with alias Amherst.
What is the difference in the number of cities with P.O. box only and cities with Post Office among the cities with area code 787?
Among the postal points in the District of Columbia, how many of them have an area with above 20000 black population?
Provide the city where zip code 19019 is located and the alias of that city.
List the bad alias of the postal point located in Camuy.
Among the daylight savings areas in the Midwest region, how many postal points are there in Illinois?
Provide the countries and the zip codes in the Virgin Islands.
Provide the zip codes and the alias of Greeneville.
Provide the zip codes and their affiliated organization for the postal point under Kingsport-Bristol, TN-VA.
Provide the zip codes and the congress representatives' names of the postal points which are affiliated with Readers Digest.
Which city has the most bad aliases?
List all the counties in Georgia.
List all the locations of postal points with the area code "410".
What is the name of the CBSA of the city with the highest average house value?
What are the bad aliases of the postal points from East Setauket?
List all the cities with micro CBSA.
What are the states with an above-average female population?
What is the name and the position of the CBSA officer in the city of Cabo Rojo?
Indicate the country name of the city Las Marias.
How many cities does congressman Pierluisi Pedro represent?
Provide the names of bad aliases in the city of Aguadilla.
Indicate the name of the congressman represent in Guanica.
Which state has the most bad aliases?
Which state has greater than 50 CBSA officers of metro type?
Indicate the name of the country with a population greater than 10000 in 2010.
Calculate the percentage of households in residential areas of countries over 10000.
Among the types of postal points in Saint Croix, what percentage of postal points is the post office?
Among the area code 787, list the country of the cities with a postal point type of unique postal office.
Among the cities with alias St Thomas, provide the type of postal point for each city.
List down the names of the cities belonging to Noble, Oklahoma.
Among the listed cities, provide the area code of the city with the largest water area.
Provide the alias of the city with the highest population in year 2020.
What is the elevation of the city belonging to Hampden, Massachusetts?
List the area code of the city with the highest Hispanic population.
Give the alias of the cities with an Asian population of 7.
Among the cities with alias Ponce, what is the percentage of cities with a country level FIPS code of less than 20?
List down the country of the cities with a population greater than 97% of the average population of all countries in 2020.
Count the number of postal points in the district represented by Kirkpatrick Ann.
Provide the zip codes and coordinates of the postal points under Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ.
Provide the zip codes, cities, and locations of the postal points that have Shared Reshipper as a bad alias.
Count the number of postal points under New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA.
How many postal points are there under the congress representative in Puerto Rico?
Describe the number of postal points and the countries in West Virginia.
Provide the congress representatives' IDs of the postal points in East Springfield.
Who is the CBSA officer of the post point in the area with the highest number of employees?
How many postal points with unique post office types are there in Ohio?
What is the highest gender ratio of the residential areas in Arecibo county?
For the county represented by Thompson Bennie G, how many bad aliases does it have?
Calculate the average male median age of all the residential areas in Windham county.
What is the CBSA name and type in York, ME?
Name the county that has the bad alias of Druid Hills.
List all representatives of districts which have more than 30 000 population in 2020.
State the county for Arecibo City.
Calculate the difference between the 2020 population and the 2010 population for the districts represented by Griffin Tim.
Provide the alias and elevation of the city with zip code 1028.
List down the area code and country of the city named Savoy.
What are the alias of the cities with 0 population in 2010?
Among the postal points in Texas, provide the zip codes and cities of postal points which have total beneficiaries of above 10000.
Provide the zip codes and CBSA officers of the postal point in Oxford.
What are the zip code for the Senate house?
What was the population of Wilcox County in 2010?
What is the name of the state with the most counties?
What is the average household income in the city known as "Danzig"?
Provide the population of Arecibo in 2020.
What is the elevation of the city with the alias East Longmeadow?
Give the country and area code of the city with zip code 1116.
What is the average of the white population in the cities with area code 920?
Who are the congress representatives of the postal points in Garfield?
Calculate the average number of beneficiaries per postal point in Guam.
How many post offices are there in New York?
Calculate the average of 2020's population in each zip code.
Which CBSAs have more than 10 zip codes?
What percentage of households are in "Coroyell" out of its state?
What is the difference in the number of bad alias between Aguada city and Aguadilla city?
Provide the zip codes and area codes of the postal points with the community post office type at the elevation above 6000.
How many postal points are there under the congress representative from the House of Representatives in Mississippi?
Among all the residential areas in Delaware, how many of them implement daylight saving?
Please list the Asian populations of all the residential areas with the bad alias "URB San Joaquin".
For the county where DeSantis Ron is from, what is the average female median age?
Name the bad alias of Geneva, AL.
Based on the population in 2020, calculate the percentage for the population of Asian in the zip code where the CBSA was Atmore, AL.
Among the cities belonging to the country named Arroyo, calculate the percentage of increase in the population in these cities from 2010 to 2020.
Compare the numbers of postal points under Smith Adrian and Heck Joe.
In cities that do not implement daylight savings, what is the total number of cities?
