nl_question
How many aircrafts are there?
What is the number of aircraft?
List the description of all aircrafts.
What are the descriptions for the aircrafts?
What is the average number of international passengers of all airports?
What is the average number of international passengers for an airport?
What are the number of international and domestic passengers of the airport named London "Heathrow"?
How many international and domestic passengers are there in the airport London Heathrow?
What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
What are the total number of domestic passengers at all London airports?
What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all aiports.
What is the maximum and mininum number of transit passengers for all airports?
What are the name of pilots aged 25 or older?
what is the name of every pilot who is at least 25 years old?
List all pilot names in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of the pilots in alphabetical order?
List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of all pilots 30 years old or young in descending alphabetical order?
Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name "London Gatwick".
What are the names of all the aircrafts associated with London Gatwick airport?
Please show the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with airports that have a total number of passengers bigger than 10000000.
What are the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with an airport that has more total passengers than 10000000?
What is the average total number of passengers of airports that are associated with aircraft "Robinson R-22"?
What is the average total number of passengers for all airports that the aircraft "Robinson R-22" visits?
Please list the location and the winning aircraft name.
What is the location and name of the winning aircraft?
List the name of the aircraft that has been named winning aircraft the most number of times.
What is the name of the aircraft that has won an award the most?
List the names of aircrafts and the number of times it won matches.
For each aircraft that has won an award, what is its name and how many time has it won?
List names of all pilot in descending order of age.
What are the names of all pilots listed by descending age?
List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice.
What are the names of all aircrafts that have won a match at least twice?
List the names of aircrafts and that did not win any match.
What are the names of all aicrafts that have never won any match?
Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named "London Heathrow" and an airport named "London Gatwick"
What are the names of all aircrafts that are associated with both London Heathrow and Gatwick airports?
Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
What is all the information on the airport with the largest number of international passengers?
find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilots who are younger than 30.
What is the name and age of the pilot younger than 30 who has won the most number of times?
what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
How old is the youngest winning pilot and what is their name?
find the name of pilots who did not win the matches held in the country of Australia.
What are the names of the pilots that have not won any matches in Australia?
