nl_question
How many allergies are there?
How many allergy entries are there?
How many different allergy types exist?
How many distinct allergies are there?
Show all allergy types.
What are the different allergy types?
Show all allergies and their types.
What are the allergies and their types?
Show all allergies with type food.
What are all the different food allergies?
What is the type of allergy Cat?
What is allergy type of a cat allergy?
How many allergies have type animal?
How many animal type allergies exist?
Show all allergy types and the number of allergies in each type.
What are the allergy types and how many allergies correspond to each one?
Which allergy type has most number of allergies?
Which allergy type is most common?
Which allergy type has least number of allergies?
Which allergy type is the least common?
How many students are there?
What is the total number of students?
Show first name and last name for all students.
What are the full names of all students
How many different advisors are listed?
How many advisors are there?
Show all majors.
What are the different majors?
Show all cities where students live.
What cities do students live in?
Show first name, last name, age for all female students. Their sex is F.
What are the full names and ages for all female students whose sex is F?
Show student ids for all male students.
What are the student ids for all male students?
How many students are age 18?
How many students are 18 years old?
Show all student ids who are older than 20.
What are the student ids for students over 20 years old?
Which city does the student whose last name is "Kim" live in?
Give the city that the student whose family name is Kim lives in.
Who is the advisor of student with ID 1004?
Who advises student 1004?
How many students live in HKG or CHI?
Give the number of students living in either HKG or CHI.
Show the minimum, average, and maximum age of all students.
What is the minimum, mean, and maximum age across all students?
What is the last name of the youngest student?
Provide the last name of the youngest student.
Show the student id of the oldest student.
What student id corresponds to the oldest student?
Show all majors and corresponding number of students.
How many students are there for each major?
Which major has most number of students?
What is the largest major?
Show all ages and corresponding number of students.
How old is each student and how many students are each age?
Show the average age for male and female students.
What are the average ages for male and female students?
Show all cities and corresponding number of students.
How many students live in each city?
Show all advisors and corresponding number of students.
How many students does each advisor have?
Which advisor has most number of students?
Give the advisor with the most students.
How many students have cat allergies?
How many students are affected by cat allergies?
Show all student IDs who have at least two allergies.
What are the students ids of students who have more than one allergy?
What are the student ids of students who don't have any allergies?
Which students are unaffected by allergies?
How many female students have milk or egg allergies?
How many students who are female are allergic to milk or eggs?
How many students have a food allergy?
How many students are affected by food related allergies?
Which allergy has most number of students affected?
Which allergy is the most common?
Show all allergies with number of students affected.
How many students have each different allergy?
Show all allergy type with number of students affected.
How many students are affected by each allergy type?
Find the last name and age of the student who has allergy to both milk and cat.
What are the last names and ages of the students who are allergic to milk and cat?
What are the allergies and their types that the student with first name Lisa has? And order the result by name of allergies.
What are the allergies the girl named Lisa has? And what are the types of them? Order the result by allergy names.
Find the first name and gender of the student who has allergy to milk but not cat.
What are the first name and gender of the students who have allergy to milk but can put up with cats?
Find the average age of the students who have allergies with food and animal types.
How old are the students with allergies to food and animal types on average?
List the first and last name of the students who do not have any food type allergy.
What is the full name of each student who is not allergic to any type of food.
Find the number of male (sex is 'M') students who have some food type allery.
How many male students (sex is 'M') are allergic to any type of food?
Find the different first names and cities of the students who have allergy to milk or cat.
What are the distinct first names and cities of the students who have allergy either to milk or to cat?
Find the number of students who are older than 18 and do not have allergy to either food or animal.
How many students are over 18 and do not have allergy to food type or animal type?
Find the first name and major of the students who are not allegry to soy.
What are the first name and major of the students who are able to consume soy?
