nl_question
How many apartment bookings are there in total?
Count the total number of apartment bookings.
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
What are the start date and end date of each apartment booking?
Show all distinct building descriptions.
Give me a list of all the distinct building descriptions.
Show the short names of the buildings managed by "Emma".
Which buildings does "Emma" manage? Give me the short names of the buildings.
Show the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by "Brenden".
What are the address and phone number of the buildings managed by "Brenden"?
What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
Find all the building full names containing the word "court".
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
Give me the minimum and maximum bathroom count among all the apartments.
What is the average number of bedrooms of all apartments?
Find the average number of bedrooms of all the apartments.
Return the apartment number and the number of rooms for each apartment.
What are the apartment number and the room count of each apartment?
What is the average number of rooms of apartments with type code "Studio"?
Find the average room count of the apartments that have the "Studio" type code.
Return the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code "Flat".
Which apartments have type code "Flat"? Give me their apartment numbers.
Return the first names and last names of all guests
What are the first names and last names of all the guests?
Return the date of birth for all the guests with gender code "Male".
What are dates of birth of all the guests whose gender is "Male"?
Show the apartment numbers, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
What are the apartment number, start date, and end date of each apartment booking?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code "Duplex"?
Return the booking start date and end date for the apartments that have type code "Duplex".
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
Find the booking start date and end date for the apartments that have more than two bedrooms.
What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
Tell me the booking status code for the apartment with number "Suite 634".
Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Which apartments have bookings with status code "Confirmed"? Return their apartment numbers.
Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code "Provisional".
What is the average room count of the apartments whose booking status code is "Provisional"?
Show the guest first names, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
What are the guest first name, start date, and end date of each apartment booking?
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code "Female".
What are the start date and end date of the apartment bookings made by female guests (gender code "Female")?
Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Which guests have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed"? Return their first names and last names.
Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
What are the facility codes of the apartments with more than four bedrooms?
Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code "Gym".
Find the total number of rooms in the apartments that have facility code "Gym".
Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square".
How many rooms in total are there in the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square"?
Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
Which buildings have apartments that have more than two bathrooms? Give me the addresses of the buildings.
Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by "Kyle".
What apartment type codes and apartment numbers do the buildings managed by "Kyle" have?
Show the booking status code and the corresponding number of bookings.
How many bookings does each booking status have? List the booking status code and the number of corresponding bookings.
Return all the apartment numbers sorted by the room count in ascending order.
Sort the apartment numbers in ascending order of room count.
Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms.
What is the apartment number of the apartment with the most beds?
Show the apartment type codes and the corresponding number of apartments sorted by the number of apartments in ascending order.
Return each apartment type code with the number of apartments having that apartment type, in ascending order of the number of apartments.
Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
What are the top three apartment types in terms of the average room count? Give me the
Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Which apartment type has the largest number of total rooms? Return the apartment type code, its number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Show the most common apartment type code.
Which apartment type code appears the most often?
Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom.
Which apartment type code is the most common among apartments with more than one bathroom?
Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
Return each apartment type code along with the maximum and minimum number of rooms among each type.
Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
Sort the gender codes in descending order of their corresponding number of guests. Return both the gender codes and counts.
How many apartments do not have any facility?
Find the number of apartments that have no facility.
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with bookings that have status code both "Provisional" and "Confirmed"
Which apartments have bookings with both status codes "Provisional" and "Confirmed"? Give me the apartment numbers.
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with unit status availability of both 0 and 1.
Which apartments have unit status availability of both 0 and 1? Return their apartment numbers.
