nl_question
How many users holds neutral attitude towards the HTC Weather app? Indicate the app's rating on the Google Play Store.
What are the top 5 installed free apps?
How many of the users hold neutral attitude on "10 Best Foods for You" app and what category is this app?
What are the apps that users pretty like this app and how many installs amount of these apps?
What is the rating for "Draw A Stickman"?
List the top 5 shopping apps with the most reviews.
What are the apps with only 5,000+ installs?
Which free app has the most Negative comments?
How many negative comments are there in all the apps with 100,000,000+ installs?
What are the content ratings for the apps that have "gr8" in their comments?
What is the total Sentiment polarity score of the most expensive app?
Which Photography app has the highest total Sentiment subjectivity score?
What is the number of installments of the app with the highest total Sentiment polarity score?
Which apps have been reviewed more than 75 000 000 times and the content is suitable for teenagers?
How much is the average sentiment polarity score of Golf GPS Rangefinder: Golf Pad and what is it's rating in the Google Play Store?
Indicate the number of installs and include the percentage of positive sentiments of FREEDOME VPN Unlimited anonymous Wifi Security.
What is the rating of Dragon Ball Legends and how many users dislike this App?
Which education App has the worst rating and state the translated review if available.
What is the lowest sentiment polarity score of the Basketball Stars app for people who dislikes the app pretty much and how many downloads does it have?
How many apps have rating of 5?
Which apps have not been updated since year 2015 and what kind of sentiment users hold on it?
What is the number of neutral comments from all the weather apps?
Which apps have 5 rating? List out then application name.
List out genre that have downloads more than 1000000000.
What is the average review number for application with 5 rating?
How much is the size of Browser 4G and how many users have a pretty positive favorability on it?
List all free sports Apps and their translated review.
What is the rating for "Garden Coloring Book"? List all of its reviews.
What genre does Honkai Impact 3rd belong to?
Among the role playing game genre, how many are targeted to teens and what is their average sentiment polarity score?
What is the average rating of Apps falling under the racing genre and what is the percentage ratio of positive sentiment reviews?
What is the name and category of the app with the highest amount of -1 sentiment polarity score?
What percentage of no comment reviews are from "Teen" content rating apps?
List down app that does not have negative sentiment and give their average rating?
What is the percentage for free application with a rating 4.5 and above have not been updated since 2018?
For the Honkai Impact 3rd App, what is the highest sentiment polarity score and what genre does it belong to?
