nl_question
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs? List the asset id and detail.
How many assets does each maintenance contract contain? List the number and the contract id.
How many assets does each third party company supply? List the count and the company id.
Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers or have at least 2 maintenance contracts? List the company id and name.
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log but has not contacted any visiting engineers?
Which engineer has visited the most times? Show the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which parts have more than 2 faults? Show the part name and id.
List all every engineer's first name, last name, details and coresponding skill description.
For all the faults of different parts, what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them? List the name of the faults and the skill description.
How many assets can each parts be used in? List the part name and the number.
What are all the fault descriptions and the fault status of all the faults recoreded in the logs?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log? List the number and the log entry id.
What are all the distinct last names of all the engineers?
How many fault status codes are recorded in the fault log parts table?
Which engineers have never visited to maintain the assets? List the engineer first name and last name.
List the asset id, details, make and model for every asset.
When was the first asset acquired?
Which part fault requires the most number of skills to fix? List part id and name.
Which kind of part has the least number of faults? List the part name.
Among those engineers who have visited, which engineer makes the least number of visits? List the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which staff have contacted which engineers? List the staff name and the engineer first name and last name.
Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts? List the fault log id, description and record time.
Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults? List the skill id and description.
What are all the distinct asset models?
List the all the assets make, model, details by the disposed date ascendingly.
Which part has the least chargeable amount? List the part id and amount.
Which company started the earliest the maintenance contract? Show the company name.
What is the description of the type of the company who concluded its contracts most recently?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff?
How many engineers did each staff contact? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted.
Which assets did not incur any fault log? List the asset model.
