nl_question
What is the most expensive cake and its flavor?
Give the id and flavor of the most expensive cake.
What is the cheapest cookie and its flavor?
What is the id and flavor of the cheapest cookie?
Find the ids of goods that have apple flavor.
What are the ids with apple flavor?
What are the ids of goods that cost less than 3 dollars?
Give the ids of goods that cost less than 3 dollars.
List the distinct ids of all customers who bought a cake with lemon flavor?
What are the distinct ids of customers who bought lemon flavored cake?
For each type of food, tell me how many customers have ever bought it.
How many customers have bought each food?
Find the id of customers who shopped at the bakery at least 15 times.
What are the customer ids of customers who have at least 15 receipts?
What is the last name of the customers who shopped at the bakery more than 10 times?
Give the last names of customers who have been to the bakery more than 10 times?
How many types of Cake does this bakery sell?
Count the number of types of cake this bakery sells.
List all the flavors of Croissant available in this bakery.
What are all the flavors of croissant?
Give me a list of all the distinct items bought by the customer number 15.
What are all the distinct items bought by customer 15?
For each type of food, what are the average, maximum and minimum price?
What are the average, minimum and maximum prices for each food?
Find the receipt numbers where both Cake and Cookie were bought.
What are the receipt numbers for instances where both cakes and cookies were purchased?
Find all the receipt numbers in which customer with last name LOGAN purchased Croissant.
What are the receipt numbers for a customer with the last name Logan who purchased a croissant?
What is the receipt number and date of the receipt in which the most expensive item was bought?
What is the receipt number and date corresponding to the receipt for which the most expensive item was purchased?
What is the item that was bought the least number of times?
Which item was bought the fewest times?
How many goods are available for each food type?
Count the number of goods for each food type.
What is the average price for each food type?
Give the average price for each food type.
What are ids of the goods that have Apricot flavor and are cheaper than 5 dollars?
Give the ids for goods that have Apricot flavor and have a price lower than 5 dollars.
Find flavor of cakes that cost more than 10 dollars.
What are the flavors of cakes that cost more than 10 dollars?
Give me the distinct id and price for all goods whose price is below the average of all goods?
What are the distinct ids and prices for goods that cost less than the average good?
What are the distinct ids of all goods that are cheaper than some goods of type Tart?
Give the distinct ids for goods that cost less than any Tart.
List distinct receipt numbers for which someone bought a good that costs more than 13 dollars.
What distinct receipt numbers correspond to someone who bought a good that costs more than 13 dollars?
On which date did some customer buy a good that costs more than 15 dollars?
Which date corresponds to when a customer purchased a good costing over 15 dollars?
Give me the list of ids of all goods whose id has "APP".
What are all the ids of goods with an id which contains "APP"?
Which good has "70" in its id? And what is its price?
What are the id and price for the good with "70" in its id?
List the last names of all customers in an alphabetical order.
What are the last names of the customers in alphabetical order?
Return the ordered list of all good ids.
Order the distinct good ids.
Find all receipts in which either apple flavor pie was bought or customer id 12 shopped.
What are the receipt numbers for which either an apple flavor pie was purchased or the customer with id 12 shopped?
Find all receipts which has the latest date. Also tell me that date.
What is the receipt number with the latest date, and what is that date?
Find all receipts which either has the earliest date or has a good with price above 10.
What are all the receipt numbers that have a good with a price above 10 or have the earliest date?
What are the ids of Cookie and Cake that cost between 3 and 7 dollars.
Give the ids of Cookies or Cakes that cost between 3 and 7 dollars.
Find the first name and last name of a customer who visited on the earliest date.
What is the full name of the customer who visited on the earliest date?
What is average price of goods whose flavor is blackberry or blueberry?
What are the average prices of goods with blackberry or blueberry flavor?
Return the cheapest price for goods with cheese flavor.
What is the cheapest good with cheese flavor?
What are highest, lowest, and average prices of goods, grouped and ordered by flavor?
What are the maximum, minimum, and average prices of goods of each flavor, ordered by flavor?
Return the lowest and highest prices of goods grouped and ordered by food type.
What are the minimum and maximum prices of food goods, ordered by food?
Find the top three dates with the most receipts.
What are the three dates for which the most receipts were given?
Which customer shopped most often? How many times?
Give the customer id of the customer that made the most purchases, as well as the number of purchases made.
For each date, return how many distinct customers visited on that day.
How many cusomters visited on each date?
Give me the first name and last name of customers who have bought apple flavor Tart.
What are the full names of customers who bought apple flavored Tarts?
What are the ids of Cookies whose price is lower than any Croissant?
Give the ids of cookes that are cheaper than any croissant.
Give me the ids of Cakes whose price is at least as much as the average price of Tart?
What are the ids of cakes that are at least as expensive as the average Tart?
What are the ids of goods whose price is above twice the average price of all goods?
Give the ids of goods that are more than twice as expensive as the average good.
List the id, flavor and type of food of goods ordered by price.
What are the ids, flavors, and food types of goods, ordered by price?
Return a list of the id and flavor for Cakes ordered by flavor.
What are the ids and flavors of cakes, ordered by flavor?
Find all the items that have chocolate flavor but were not bought more than 10 times.
What are the items with chocolate flavor that were purchased at most 10 times.
What are the flavors available for Cake but not for Tart?
Give the flavors of Cakes that are not available for Tart.
What is the three most popular goods in this bakery?
Give the three most purchased items at this bakery.
Find the ids of customers who have spent more than 150 dollars in total.
What are the ids of customers who have spent over 150 dollars in total?
Find the ids of customers whose average spending for each good is above 5.
What are the ids of customers who spend more than 5 on average for each good?
On which day did the bakery sell more than 100 dollars in total.
On what dates did the bakery sell more than 100 dollars worth of goods in total?
