nl_question
How many assessment notes are there in total?
What are the dates of the assessment notes?
How many addresses have zip code 197?
How many distinct incident type codes are there?
Return all distinct detention type codes.
What are the start and end dates for incidents with incident type code "NOISE"?
Return all detention summaries.
Return the cell phone number and email address for all students.
What is the email of the student with first name "Emma" and last name "Rohan"?
How many distinct students have been in detention?
What is the gender of the teacher with last name "Medhurst"?
What is the incident type description for the incident type with code "VIOLENCE"?
Find the maximum and minimum monthly rental for all student addresses.
Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word "man".
List all information about the assessment notes sorted by date in ascending order.
List all cities of addresses in alphabetical order.
Find the first names and last names of teachers in alphabetical order of last name.
Find all information about student addresses, and sort by monthly rental in descending order.
Find the id and first name of the student that has the most number of assessment notes?
Find the ids and first names of the 3 teachers that have the most number of assessment notes?
Find the id and last name of the student that has the most behavior incidents?
Find the id and last name of the teacher that has the most detentions with detention type code "AFTER"?
What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental?
Find the id and city of the student address with the highest average monthly rental.
What are the code and description of the most frequent behavior incident type?
What are the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
Find the dates of assessment notes for students with first name "Fanny".
Find the texts of assessment notes for teachers with last name "Schuster".
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name "Fahey".
Find the start and end dates of detentions of teachers with last name "Schultz".
What are the id and zip code of the address with the highest monthly rental?
What is the cell phone number of the student whose address has the lowest monthly rental?
What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state?
What are the first names and last names of students with address in Wisconsin state?
What are the line 1 and average monthly rentals of all student addresses?
What is the zip code of the address where the teacher with first name "Lyla" lives?
What are the email addresses of teachers whose address has zip code "918"?
How many students are not involved in any behavior incident?
Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention.
What are the line 1 of addresses shared by some students and some teachers?
