nl_question
Give me the dates when the max temperature was higher than 85.
What are the dates with a maximum temperature higher than 85?
What are the names of stations that have latitude lower than 37.5?
What are the names of all stations with a latitude smaller than 37.5?
For each city, return the highest latitude among its stations.
For each city, what is the highest latitude for its stations?
Give me the start station and end station for the trips with the three oldest id.
What is the station station and end station for the trips with the three smallest ids?
What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city?
What is the average latitude and longitude in San Jose?
What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration?
What is the id of the shortest trip?
What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636?
What is the total and maximum duration for all trips with the bike id 636?
For each zip code, return the average mean temperature of August there.
For each zip code, what is the average mean temperature for all dates that start with '8'?
From the trip record, find the number of unique bikes.
How many different bike ids are there?
What is the number of distinct cities the stations are located at?
How many different cities have these stations?
How many stations does Mountain View city has?
How many stations are in Mountain View?
Return the unique name for stations that have ever had 7 bikes available.
What are the different names for each station that has ever had 7 bikes available?
Which start station had the most trips starting from August? Give me the name and id of the station.
What are the start station's name and id for the one that had the most start trips in August?
Which bike traveled the most often in zip code 94002?
What is the id of the bike that traveled the most in 94002?
How many days had both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8?
What is the number of days that had an average humity above 50 and an average visibility above 8?
What is the latitude, longitude, city of the station from which the shortest trip started?
What is the latitude, longitude, and city of the station from which the trip with smallest duration started?
What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10.
What are the ids of the stations in San Francisco that normally have more than 10 bikes available?
What are the names and ids of stations that had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in December?
What are the names and ids of all stations that have more than 14 bikes available on average or had bikes installed in December?
What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107?
What are the 3 most common cloud covers in the zip code of 94107?
What is the zip code in which the average mean sea level pressure is the lowest?
What is the zip code that has the lowest average mean sea level pressure?
What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto?
What is the average bike availablility for stations not in Palo Alto?
What is the average longitude of stations that never had bike availability more than 10?
What is the mean longitude for all stations that have never had more than 10 bikes available?
When and in what zip code did max temperature reach 80?
What zip codes have a station with a max temperature greater than or equal to 80 and when did it reach that temperature?
Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60.
For each zip code, find the ids of all trips that have a higher average mean temperature above 60?
For each zip code, return how many times max wind speed reached 25?
For each zip code, how many times has the maximum wind speed reached 25 mph?
On which day and in which zip code was the min dew point lower than any day in zip code 94107?
Which days had a minimum dew point smaller than any day in zip code 94107, and in which zip codes were those measurements taken?
For each trip, return its ending station's installation date.
What is the installation date for each ending station on all the trips?
Which trip started from the station with the largest dock count? Give me the trip id.
What is the id of the trip that started from the station with the highest dock count?
Count the number of trips that did not end in San Francisco city.
How many trips did not end in San Francisco?
In zip code 94107, on which day neither Fog nor Rain was not observed?
On which day has it neither been foggy nor rained in the zip code of 94107?
What are the ids of stations that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7?
What are the ids of all stations that have a latitude above 37.4 and have never had less than 7 bikes available?
What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city?
What are the names of all stations that have more than 10 bikes available and are not located in San Jose?
What are the name, latitude, and city of the station with the lowest latitude?
What is the name, latitude, and city of the station that is located the furthest South?
What are the date, mean temperature and mean humidity for the top 3 days with the largest max gust speeds?
What is the date, average temperature and mean humidity for the days with the 3 largest maximum gust speeds?
List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations.
What is the name of every city that has at least 15 stations and how many stations does it have?
Find the ids and names of stations from which at least 200 trips started.
What are the ids and names of all start stations that were the beginning of at least 200 trips?
Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10.
For each zip code, select all those that have an average mean visiblity below 10.
List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city's stations' highest latitude.
For each city, list their names in decreasing order by their highest station latitude.
What are the dates that had the top 5 cloud cover rates? Also tell me the cloud cover rate.
What are the dates that have the 5 highest cloud cover rates and what are the rates?
What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations?
What are the ids of the trips that lasted the longest and how long did they last?
For each station, return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station.
For each start station id, what is its name, longitude and average duration of trips started there?
For each station, find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station.
For each end station id, what is its name, latitude, and minimum duration for trips ended there?
List all the distinct stations from which a trip of duration below 100 started.
What are all the different start station names for a trip that lasted less than 100?
Find all the zip codes in which the max dew point have never reached 70.
What are all the different zip codes that have a maximum dew point that was always below 70?
Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103.
What are the ids of all trips that had a duration as long as the average trip duration in the zip code 94103?
What are the dates in which the mean sea level pressure was between 30.3 and 31?
What are the dates that have an average sea level pressure between 30.3 and 31?
Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest. Also report the difference.
What are the days that had the smallest temperature range, and what was that range?
What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available?
What are the different ids and names of the stations that have had more than 12 bikes available?
Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 and at least 100 trips took place.
What are the zip codes that have an average mean humidity below 70 and had at least 100 trips come through there?
What are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times?
What are the names of the stations that are located in Palo Alto but have never been the ending point of the trips
How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city?
How many trips stated from  a station in Mountain View and ended at one in Palo Alto?
What is the average latitude and longitude of the starting points of all trips?
What is the average latitude and longitude of all starting stations for the trips?
