nl_question
Return all details of sailors who are older than 30.
What can you tell me about sailors who are older than age 30?
Return name and age for sailors who are younger than 30.
What is the name and age of every sailor who is younger than age 30?
Find boats reserved by Sailor with id 1.
What are the different boat ids reserved by the sailor whose id is 1?
Who reserved boat 102?
What is the name of the sailor who reserved boat 102?
Return the unique boat ids (bid) of all reserved boats.
What are the ids of all boats that are reserved by someone?
What is the name of sailors whose names contain letter e?
What is the name of every sailor whose name contains the letter e?
return the unique ids of sailors who are older than any sailors.
What is the different id of every sailor who is not the youngest?
Return the unique names of sailors who are older than any sailors whose rating is larger than 7.
What are the different names of sailors who are older than some other sailor with a rating larger than 7?
Find the name and id of the sailors who reserved at least one boat?
What is the name and id of every sailor who reserved one or more boats?
Find the id and name of the sailors who reserved more than one boat.
What are the different names of sailors who reserved two or more boats ?
Find the id of Sailors (sid) that reserved red or blue boat.
What are the sids for sailors who reserved red or blue boats?
Find the name and id of Sailors (sid) that reserved red or blue boat.
What are the names and ids of sailors who reserved red or blue boats?
Find the id of Sailors (sid) that reserved red and blue boat.
What are the ids of sailors who reserved red and blue boats?
Find the name and id of Sailors (sid) that reserved red and blue boat.
What are the names and ids of sailors who reserved red and blue boats?
What is the ids of sailors that haven’t reserved a boat?
What are the ids of sailors who have not reserved a boat?
what is the name and id of sailors who do not have a reservation of a boat?
What are the names and ids of all sailors who do not have boat reservations?
Find id for the sailors who do not have a reservation of a boat?
What is id about sailors who do not have boat reservations?
What is the name of the sailors who reserved boat with id 103?
Find the name of the sailors who reserved boat with id 103.
What is the name of all sailors whose rating is higher than any sailor named Luis?
What are the sailors' names, the ones whose rating is higher than any sailor named Luis?
What is the name of all sailors whose rating is higher than all sailors named Luis?
What are the names of all sailors with a higher rating than every sailor named Luis?
what is the name and id of every sailor who has a rating greater than 2 and reserved a boat.
What are the names and ids of all sailors who have a rating of at least 3 and reserved a boat?
Find the name and age of the oldest sailor.
What is the name and age of the sailor with maximum age?
how many sailors in total?
How many sailors exist?
What is the average age of sailors whose rating is 7?
What is average age of all sailors who have a rating of 7?
How many sailors whose name starts with letter D exist ?
What is the count of the sailors whose name starts with letter D ?
What are the average rating and max age of all sailors?
Find the average rating and largest age for the sailors
Find the number of reservations for each boat.
How many reservations exist for each boat?
Find the number of reservations for each boat with id greater than 50.
How many reservations exist for each boat with an id greater than 50?
Find the number of reservations for each boat with more than 1 reservation.
How many reservations exist for each boat that has more than 1 reservation already?
Find the number of reservations by sailors with id greater than 1 for each boat.
How many reservations for each boat did the sailors with an id greater than 1 make?
What is the rating and average age for sailors who have reserved red boat grouped by rating?
What are the rating and average age for sailors who reserved red boats for each rating?
Find the name, rating and age of all sailors ordered by rating and age.
What is the name, rating, and age for every sailor? And order them by rating and age.
Find the total number of boats.
How many boats are there?
How many boats are red?
How many red boats exist?
Find the names of boats booked by sailors whose age is between 20 and 30.
What are the names of the boats booked by people between age 20 and 30?
Find the names of sailors whose rating is larger than the rating of all sailors who booked a red boat.
What are the names of the sailors whose rating is larger than the rating of all sailors who booked a red boat?
What is highest rating between sailors?
What is the maximum rating for sailors?
Find the names of sailors who reserved boat with the name Melon.
What are the names of sailors who reserved a boat with the name Melon?
List the names and ages of all sailors sorted by rating in descending order.
What are the names and ages of all sailors sorted by decreasing rating?
