nl_question
list all the names of press in descending order of the profit of the year.
Sorted all the press by year profits in descending order, and return press names.
What are the names of the publishers that made more than 15 billion profits each year or 1 billion each month?
Find the press whose yearly profit is more than 15 billion or whose monthly profit is more than 1 billion. Return the press names.
what are the average and maximum profit of a year for all presses?
Find the average and maximum yearly profit for each press.
Find the name of the publisher whose monthly profit is the highest.
Which press has the largest monthly profit? Give me the press name.
Find the name of the publisher whose monthly profit is the highest or the lowest.
What are the names of the press that makes the highest monthly profit or the lowest monthly profit?
how many authors are under age 30?
Count the number of authors of age below 30.
find the average age of authors for each gender.
For each gender, return gender and the average age of authors.
find the number of authors who are older than 30 for each gender.
How many authors are of age above 30 for each gender?
List all book titles in the order of their release date from the most recent to the past.
Sort all the books in descending order of release date, and return the book titles.
Find the number of books for each series.
How many books does each book series have? Return the counts and book series.
Find the titles and publish dates of the top 5 best sale books.
What are the 5 best books in terms of sale amount? Give me their titles and release dates.
Find the book series that have some book selling more than 1000 and some book less 500.
Which book series contain both books with sale amount above 1000 and books with sale amount below 500?
Find the name of authors who publish their books in both "MM" and "LT" series.
Which authors publish books in both "MM" and "LT" series? Give me the author names.
Find the name and age of the authors who do not have any book in the record.
Which authors in the record have not published any books ? Give me their names .
Find the names of authors who have more than one book in the database.
Which authors have published more than 1 book according to the database? Give me their names.
Find the title, author name, and publisher name for the top 3 best sales books.
What are the 3 best selling books? Show their titles, author names, and press names.
Find the name and total book sale amount of each press.
What are the name and total book sale amount of each press?
Find the number of books that are sold more than 1000 for each publisher. List the press name as well.
For each press, return its name and the number of books that have sale amount above 1000.
What is the name of the author of best selling book?
Who wrote the best selling book? Give me the author name.
find the name and gender of the author who published the most books.
Who wrote the largest number of books? Give me the author name and gender.
Find the names of the authors who did not have any book with the "Accor" press.
Which authors have never published under the "Accor" press? Give me their names.
Find the name and the yearly profit in billion for press that published more than two books.
Find the press that published more than two books, and return its name and yearly profit in billion.
