nl_question
List all the author names.
What are the names of all the authors?
Show all Client names and their addresses.
What are the names and addressed of all clients?
List all Book titles, ISBNs, and sale prices.
What are the titles, ISBNs, and sale prices for all books?
How many books do we have?
Count the number of books.
How many authors are there?
Count the number of authors.
How many clients are there?
Return the number of clients.
List names and addresses of all clients in alphabetical order by their names.
What are the names and addressed of all clients, ordered alphabetically by name?
Show all book titles and corresponding author names.
What are the names of all books and their corresponding authors?
Show all order ids and their client names.
What are the ids of all orders and the corresponding client names?
Show all author names and the numbers of books each has written.
What are the names of all the authors, and how many books has each written?
Show all book isbns and the numbers of orders for each.
What are all isbns for each book, and how many times has each been ordered?
Show all book isbns and the total amount ordered for each.
What are the isbns for all books, and what is the total amount ordered for each?
Show the book title corresponding to the book with the most number of orders.
What is the title of the book that has been ordered the greatest number of times?
Show the book title and purchase price of the book that has had the greatest amount in orders.
What is the title and purchase price of the book that has the highest total order amount?
Show the titles of books that have been ordered.
What are the different titles of books that have been ordered in the past?
Show the names of clients who have ordered at least once.
What are the names of the different clients who have made an order?
Show all client names and the number of orders each has made.
What are the names of all the clients, and how many times has each of them ordered?
What is the name of the client with the most number of orders?
Give the name of the client who has made the most orders.
Show the client names and their total amounts of books ordered.
What are the names of all the clients, and the total amount of books ordered by each?
Show the client name who has the most total amount of books ordered.
What is the name of the client who has ordered the greatest total amount of books?
Show all book titles for books that have no orders.
What are the titles of books that have never been ordered?
Show all client names for clients who have not made orders.
What are the names of clients who have never made an order?
What is the maximum and the minimum sale price?
Give the maximum and minimum sale price of books.
What is the average purchase price and the average sale price?
Give the average purchase price and average sale price for books.
What is the maximum difference between the sale price and purchase price?
Return the largest difference in sale price and purchase price.
List all book titles which have sale prices higher than the average.
What are the titles of books with sale prices above the average sale price across all books?
List all book titles which have the lowest sale price .
What are the titles of books that have a sale price equal to the lowest sale price across all books ?
List all book titles which have highest purchase prices .
What are the titles of books with the highest purchase price across all books ?
What is the average sale price of books written by George Orwell?
Give the average sale price of books authored by George Orwell.
What are sale prices of books written by Plato?
Return the sale prices of books authored by Plato.
What is the title of the book written by George Orwell that has the lowest sale price?
Give the title of book by George Orwell that has the lowest saleprice.
What is the title of the book written by Plato has price lower than the average sale price of all books?
Give the titles of books authored by Plato that have a sale price lower than the average sale price across all books.
Who is the author of the book "Pride and Prejudice"?
Give the name of the author who wrote the book titled Pride and Prejudice.
List titles of all books published by an author whose name contains the string 'Plato'?
What are the titles of all books written by an author with a name that contains Plato?
How many orders do we have for "Pride and Prejudice"?
Return the number of orders received for Pride and Prejudice.
Show ids for orders including both "Pride and Prejudice" and "The Little Prince".
What are the order ids for orders that include both Pride and Prejudice and The Little Prince?
Show all book isbns which were ordered by both client Peter Doe and client James Smith.
What are the isbns of books ordered by both clients named Peter Doe and James Smith?
Find the title of books which are ordered by client Peter Doe but not client James Smith.
What are the titles of books that the client Peter Doe ordered, but the client James Smith did not?
Show all client names who have orders for "Pride and Prejudice".
What are the names of clients who have ordered Pride and Prejudice?
