nl_question
What is the name of the publisher of the book "The Illuminati"?
How many books were published by publisher "Thomas Nelson"?
What is the name of the publisher that has published the most number of books?
Please give the title of the oldest book published by publisher "Thomas Nelson".
Among the books published by publisher "Thomas Nelson", how many of them have over 300 pages?
What is the name of the publisher of the book with the most pages?
How many books are in English?
Please list the titles of all the books in British English.
What is the cheapest order price of the book "The Little House"?
Please list the titles of all the books that Lucas Wyldbore has ordered.
Among the books ordered by Lucas Wyldbore, how many of them are over 300 pages?
What is the total price of all the books ordered by Lucas Wyldbore?
How much money on average does Lucas Wyldbore spend on book orders?
Among the books ordered by Lucas Wyldbore, what is the percentage of those books over $13?
How many orders has Cordy Dumbarton made?
List the title of the earliest published Japanese book.
For the publisher which published the most books, show its name.
How many books were published by Kensington?
Which language was book id 1405 written in?
Which customer has made the most orders? Show his/her full name.
Name the book title of the bestseller.
How many books did David Foster Wallace write?
How many orders does the book "O Xará" have?
Give the number of Ukrainian addresses in the database.
Which country does Žirovnica city belong to?
Calculate the percentage of the International shipping orders on 2022/11/10.
What is the average number of pages of David Coward's books?
What is the cost of the slowest and least expensive shipping method?
What is the title of the first book that was published in 1900?
What is the full name of the customer who ordered the most books of all time?
How many orders did Antonia Poltun return?
Which shipping method is preferred by customers the most?
How many orders were delivered in 2021?
How many books did A.R. Braunmuller write?
What is the name of the publisher who published Agatha Christie's first book?
List all the names of the books written by Danielle Steel.
How many books by William Shakespeare were published by Penguin Classics?
What is the name of the publisher that published the most books?
What is the total shipping cost of all the orders made by Page Holsey? Indicate how many of the said orders were ordered in 2022.
How many of the books authored by Al Gore have less than 400 pages?
What is the title of the most expensive book?
Calculate the total price of books ordered by customer named Lucas Wyldbore.
List the ISBN of the book published in Spanish.
Among the books that cost less than 1 dollar, how many were published by Berkley Trade?
List the title of the books purchased by the customer named Zia Roizin.
Who authored the book with greatest number of pages?
List the email of customers that bought the book titled Switch on the Night.
List the author's name of the books published by Abrams.
What is the publisher name of the book titled The Illuminati?
In books authored by Abraham Lincoln, what is the percentage of the books published in 1992?
Among the books published in 2004, list the name of the publisher of books with number of pages greater than 70% of the average number of pages of all books.
Which books were released by Orson Scott Card in 2001?
Provide the authors and titles of the books which have more than 3000 pages.
Who wrote "The Prophet"?
How many books were published by Ace Hardcover?
Which publisher published Barry Eisler's book?
How many books were published in Japanese?
Sum the total price of the orders for The Prophet book.
Provide the number of orders by Daisey Lamball in 2021.
How many customers are from Australia?
How many orders were delivered in December 2019?
Provide the customers' names who ordered the Fantasmas.
List all the authors named "George".
Which year has the most customer orders?
What is the most common domain for the email address among all the customers?
Which language is the rarest among all the books?
List all the order dates for the customer named "Adrian Kunzelmann".
How many addresses are from the Philippines?
Who is the author who wrote the most books?
What are the books published by "Harper Collins"?
How many orders were returned in the year 2020?
What is the second-least common method of shipping?
What is the book with the most orders?
What is the address that received the most orders?
How much time does it take to update the status of order "2398"?
Which customer has the most addresses?
List all the authors who wrote fewer pages than the average.
What are the city addresses of the customers located in the United States of America?
How many orders did Marcelia Goering place in 2021 that uses the Priority Shipping method?
Which books have the most expensive price?
What is the most expensive price paid by a customer for the book "Bite Me If You Can (Argeneau #6)"?
List all the titles of the Spanish books published by Alfaguara.
What are the languages of the first two published books?
Among the books that were published by Scholastic, how many were written by J.K Rowling?
What are the names of all the publishers who have published at least 30 books?
Indicate the last number of each street.
Indicate the title of the six books with the greatest potential value as collectibles.
In which cities are the customers of Costa Rica located?
Which customer addresses are no longer active?
What is the full name of the customers who live in Baiyin city?
What is the email of the customers who place their orders with priority method?
Identify by their id all the orders that have been cancelled.
What is the status of the orders placed on 04/10/2022?
What is the highest price at which a customer bought the book 'The Prophet'?
List the titles of all the books that Peter H. Smith wrote.
How many books under 300 pages has HarperCollins Publishers published?
How many books have been published in Japanese?
What is the average number of pages in the books written by Jennifer Crusie?
Who is the author of the book with the biggest page count?
How many books written by Akira Watanabe are available on Gravity?
Who is the author of the book The Mystery in the Rocky Mountains?
Name the publisher of the oldest book.
Identify the cost difference between Priority and Express shipping methods.
How many orders have been cancelled in 2022?
List all the books published by BBC Audiobooks.
Among all orders updated in 2022, identify the percentage that has been returned.
Among all addresses provided by customers, identify the percentage that are not in use anymore.
List all books authored by Tom Clancy.
Which book by Hirohiko Araki was published on 6/6/2006?
Who is the publisher of Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy: The Filming of the Douglas Adams classic?
List all books published by ADV Manga.
Write the full name of the customers whose address is at 55 Dorton Pass, Huangqiao.
List 10 addresses located in Poland.
What is the shipping method ordered by Nicolette Sadler at 6/29/2020 7:40:07 PM?
List all books written in Arabic.
Which language is 'El plan infinito' written in?
What is the average number of book pages written by Zilpha Keatley Snyder?
What is the full name of customer with email ckupis4@tamu.edu?
How many books were written by author A.J. Ayer?
Name the title of books written by author A.J.Ayer.
The book name "The Season: A Candid Look at Broadway" was published by which publisher?
What is the average of English books among all books published by Carole Marsh Mysteries?
Name the title of the book with the most number of pages that was published from 1990 to 2000 by publisher Free Press.
What is the current address of customer Kandy?
How many books were ordered by customer Kandy Adamec?
How many orders got returned in 2022?
Name the publisher who published the most books.
What is the percentage of books that cost greater than $10 and were ordered by customer Ruthanne Vatini?
List the title of books published by AK Press.
Who ordered the book with the cheapest price?
List down the ISBN of the books purchased by the customer with an email of fsier3e@ihg.com.
Give the author's name of the books that cost 19 dollars and above.
Provide the publisher name of the book with ISBN 76092025986.
What is the price of the book with ISBN 9780763628321?
What is the number of pages of the book in the order ID 1167?
Provide the title of the books published in British-English.
How many books were published by Brava in 2006?
What is the title of the book in the order ID 931?
What is the language of the book titled Zorro?
Provide the email of the customers that purchased books with a price range of 3 to 5 dollars.
List the ISBN of the books that cost 7.5 dollars.
Give the publisher's name of the books authored by Alan Lee.
What is the sum of the number of pages of the books ordered by Mick Sever?
Write down the author's name of the book most recently published.
Among the books purchased by less than 1 dollar, what is the difference between the number of books with less than 500 pages and books with greater than 500 pages?
What are the language and title of the ordered books with price less than 20% of the average price of all ordered books?
Which city does the address id 547 belong to?
What is the full name of the customer who owns the "aalleburtonkc@yellowbook.com" e-mail address?
How many orders in 2022 have Iran as their destinations?
Among Daisey Lamball's orders, how many were shipped via International shipping?
What is the name of the publisher with publisher ID 22?
List the author's and publisher's name of the book published on July 10, 1997.
What is the language of the book with ISBN 23755004321?
Name the streets in Dallas.
Count the number of books written by Orson Scott Card.
How many percent of orders in 2020 used international shipping?
What is the average price for the order line?
How many publishers have the word "book" in their name?
How many of the customer addresses are inactive?
How many authors are named Adam?
How many customers use a Yahoo! Mail e-mail address?
Indicate the ISBN13 of all the books that have less than 140 pages and more than 135.
How many books were ordered in the last month of the year 2020?
On what date did the customers who live at number 460 of their respective streets place their orders?
On what dates were books ordered at a price of 16.54?
What percentage of the orders placed by Kaleena were shipped by the international method?
Provide the full address of Ursola Purdy.
How many pages does 'Seaward' have?
Who is the author of First Things First?
Which book has the most number of pages?
What is the title of the first book that was written by A.J. Ayer?
Among the books published by Birlinn in 2008, how many books have pages around 600 to 700?
Among the books published by publisher ID 1929, how many of them have over 500 pages?
What is the publication date of the book with the most pages?
What is the name of the first book written by J.K Rowling?
List all of the books that were published in 1995.
How many customers ordered the book titled "Anleitung zum Zickigsein"
Indicate the full name of all customers whose last name begins with the letter K.
Identify the publisher of the book Girls' Night In.
Which country is 9 Green Ridge Point, Arendal located at?
What is the order price of the book "The Servant Leader" in 2003?
In books published by Ace Book, what is the percentage of English books published?
Other than zero, what is the lowest price paid by a customer for an order?
Who published the book "The Secret Garden"?
