nl_question
What is the title with the most ordered quantity in year 1992?
List the title, price and publication date for all sales with 'ON invoice' payment terms.
What is the title that have at least 10% royalty without minimum range amount.
Among the titles with royalty percentage, which title has the greatest royalty percentage. State it's minimum range to enjoy this royalty percentage.
Provide a list of titles together with its publisher name for all publishers located in the USA.
List all titles with sales of quantity more than 20 and store located in the CA state.
Name the store with the highest quantity in sales? What is the least quantity title from the store's sale?
Name the store with ID 7066 and calculate the percentage of the the quantity ordered that were on 'Net 30' payment terms.
State the publisher name for publisher ID 877? Calculate its average year to date sales.
In which year has the most hired employees?
List all employees who are at the maximum level in their job designation.
List all employees working for publisher 'GGG&G'. State their name and job description.
For each publisher, state the type of titles they published order by the publisher name.
Name the publisher which has the most titles published in 1991.
Name the title with the highest price published by 'Binnet & Hardley'.
Name all the authors for all business titles.
List all the titles and year to date sales by author who are not on contract.
For all authors from CA who are not on contract, which title of his/hers has the most year to date sales.
Calculate the percentage of the employees who are Editor or Designer?
List all titles which have year to date sales higher than the average order by pubisher name.
What is the highest level of job to get to for the employee who got hired the earliest?
In which city is the store with the highest total sales quantity located?
Please list the stores that ordered the book "Life Without Fear".
Among the stores that have ordered the book "Life Without Fear", how many of them are located in Massachusetts?
In which country is the publisher of the book "Life Without Fear" located?
What is the publisher that has published the most expensive book?
Among the publishers in the USA, how many of them have published books that are over $15?
What is the average quantity of each order for the book "Life Without Fear"?
Which one is the cheapest business book?
Show me the employ id of the highest employee who doesn't have a middle name.
Is the author of "Sushi, Anyone?" on the contract?
Which publisher had the highest job level? Give his/her full name.
What's Pedro S Afonso's job title?
How many levels are there left for Diego W Roel to reach if he/she could go to the max level for his/her position?
List the type of the book for the order which was sold on 1993/5/29.
Tell me about the information of the French publisher.
Which city did Victoria P Ashworth work in?
How many sales did the store in Remulade make?
Which titles has above average royalty rate? Give those title's name, type and price?
In 1994 which title had less order quanty than the average order quantity? Find the title name, type and price.
List the title name, type, and price of the titles published by New Moon Books. Arrange the list in ascending order of price.
In the books published by US publishers, which book has the highest royalty? List these books in the descending order of royalty.
Which title is about helpful hints on how to use your electronic resources, which publisher published it and what is the price of this book?
Of the titles, which title is about the Carefully researched study of the effects of strong emotions on the body, which state-based publisher published this book, and what is the year-to-date sale?
State the title and royalty percentage for title ID BU2075 between 10000 to 50000 range.
List all titles published in year 1991. Also provide notes details of the title and the publisher's name.
Who are the employees working for publisher not located in USA? State the employee's name and publisher name.
Among all employees, who have job level greater than 200. State the employee name and job description.
Name all the authors for 'Sushi, Anyone?'.
How many publishers are in the USA?
Please list the first names of the employees who work as Managing Editor.
What is the average level employees working as Managing Editor are at? How many levels are there between the average level and the highest level?
Which type of book had the most pre-paid amount?
Which job level is O'Rourke at?
What's on the notes for the order happened on 1994/9/14?
For the quantities, what percent more did the store in Fremont sell than the store in Portland in 1993?
Among all the employees, how many percent more for the publishers than designers?
Name all employees who were hired before year 1990.
Which employee has the lowest job level. State the first name, last name and when he /she was hired.
Please give more detailed information about the first three books that sell the best.
What's the royalty for the bestseller book?
What's the publisher of the book "Silicon Valley Gastronomic Treats"? Give the publisher's name.
Name the top five titles that sold more than average and list them in descending order of the number of sales in California stores?
