nl_question
How many candidates are there?
Count the number of candidates.
Which poll resource provided the most number of candidate information?
Return the poll resource associated with the most candidates.
what are the top 3 highest support rates?
Return the top 3 greatest support rates.
Find the id of the candidate who got the lowest oppose rate.
What is the id of the candidate with the lowest oppose rate?
Please list support, consider, and oppose rates for each candidate in ascending order by unsure rate.
What are the support, consider, and oppose rates of each candidate, ordered ascending by their unsure rate?
which poll source does the highest oppose rate come from?
Return the poll source corresponding to the candidate who has the oppose rate.
List all people names in the order of their date of birth from old to young.
What are the names of all people, ordered by their date of birth?
Find the average height and weight for all males (sex is M).
What are the average height and weight across males (sex is M)?
find the names of people who are taller than 200 or lower than 190.
What are the names of people who have a height greater than 200 or less than 190?
Find the average and minimum weight for each gender.
What are the average and minimum weights for people of each sex?
Find the name and gender of the candidate who got the highest support rate.
What is the name and sex of the candidate with the highest support rate?
Find the name of the candidates whose oppose percentage is the lowest for each sex.
For each sex, what is the name and sex of the candidate with the oppose rate for their sex?
which gender got the highest average uncertain ratio.
What is the sex of the candidate who had the highest unsure rate?
what are the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election.
Give the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election.
Find the names of the candidates whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate.
What are the names of candidates who have a lower support rate than oppose rate?
how many people are there whose weight is higher than 85 for each gender?
Count the number of people of each sex who have a weight higher than 85.
find the highest support percentage, lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates.
Return the maximum support rate, minimum consider rate, and minimum oppose rate across all candidates?
list all female (sex is F) candidate names in the alphabetical order.
What are the names of all female candidates in alphabetical order (sex is F)?
find the name of people whose height is lower than the average.
What are the names of people who are shorter than average?
List all info about all people.
What is all the information about all people?
