nl_question
How many employees are there in Sydney?
Which sales representatives in New York city whose leader is Anthony Bow with the employee number is 1143? Indicate their employee numbers.
How many checks were issued by Euro+ Shopping Channel in the year 2004?
Of all the classic cars, with a product scale of 1:18, which product is the most ordered product by customers?
How many different orders with a total price greater than 4000 are cancelled?
How many distinct orders were there in 2003 when the quantity ordered was less than 30?
What is the total value of cancelled orders?
Please calculate the average total price of orders from Exoto Designs Vendor in 2005.
Please list different customer names with the payment amount of over 50,000.
Please list the name and phone number of the customer whose order was cancelled.
List out full name of employees who are working in Tokyo?
Determine the email and Code of employee who are working at United State, state MA
How many employees who are living in Australia and have the credit limit under 200000? State their email address and countries where they are working.
State 10 emails of UK Sales Rep who have the lowest credit limit.
Determine the email and Code of employee who are working at United State, state CA
List out full name of employees who are working in Boston?
State top 3 emails of UK Sales Rep who have the highest credit limit.
List out full name and email of employees who are working in Paris?
List the product code of the top five motorcycles, by descending order, the number of quantity in stock.
From 2003 to 2004, how many customers have paid more than three times?
What is the average actual profit by 1937 Lincoln Berline?
Between 8/1/2003 and 8/30/2004, how many checks were issued by Mini Gifts Distributors Ltd.? Please list their check numbers.
What is the total value of shipped vintage car orders from 2003-2004?
Who is the sales agent of the customer who has made the highest payment? Include the full names of employee and his/her supervisor.
How many customers with a canceled shipment have a credit limit greater than 115,000?
To whom does the employee have to inform that is the sales representative of the French customer?
What is the full address of the customer who commented that DHL be used for the order that was shipped on April 4, 2005?
Of the clients whose businesses are located in the city of Boston, calculate which of them has a higher average amount of payment.
Calculate the total quantity ordered for 18th Century Vintage Horse Carriage and the average price.
Who is the sales representative that made the order which was sent to 25 Maiden Lane, Floor No. 4?
Where's Foon Yue Tseng's office located at? Give the detailed address.
Compared with the orders happened on 2005-04-08 and two days later, which day's order had a higher value?
How many products with the highest expected profits were sold in total?
How much did Petit Auto pay on 2004-08-09?
What was the contact name for the check "NR157385"?
Which customer made the order No. 10160? Give the contact name.
Where was the order No. 10383 shipped to? Show me the address.
If Dragon Souveniers, Ltd. aren't satisfied with their order and want to send a complain e-mail, which e-mail address should they send to?
How many French customers does Gerard Hernandez take care of?
For the product No. S18_3482 in the Order No.10108, how much discount did the customer have?
To whom does Steve Patterson report? Please give his or her full name.
Who is the sales representitive of Muscle Machine Inc? Please give the employee's full name.
Please list all the customers that have Steve Patterson as their sales representitive.
Please list the phone numbers of the top 3 customers that have the highest credit limit and have Leslie Jennings as their sales representitive.
How many sales representitives are based in the offices in the USA?
Where can I find the office of the President of the company?
What's the postal code of the office the VP Sales is at?
What is the total price of the order made by Cruz & Sons Co. on 2003/3/3?
Which product did Cruz & Sons Co. order on 2003/3/3?
Which product did Cruz & Sons Co. ask for the biggest amount in a single order?
Name the product from the 'Classic Cars' production line that has the greatest expected profit.
List all the name of customers who have orders that are still processing.
What is the percentage of employees are in Paris office?
List the name of employees in Japan office and who are they reporting to.
Which customer ordered 1939 'Chevrolet Deluxe Coupe' at the highest price?
Calculate the actual profit for order number 10100.
Please list the top three product names with the highest unit price.
How many 2003 Harley-Davidson Eagle Drag Bikes were ordered?
When was the product with the highest unit price shipped?
Please list the order number of the customer whose credit card has a limit of 45300.
For Which order was the most profitable, please list the customer name of the order and the profit of the order.
How many transactions payment made by customer that is lower than 10000. Group the result by year.
List out 3 best seller products during year 2003 with their total quantity sold during 2003.
Identify the customer and list down the country with the check number GG31455.
Which 5 products has the lowest amount of orders? List the product names.
List down the customer names with a disputed order status.
Calculate the total price of shipped orders belonging to Land of Toys Inc. under the classic car line of products.
List the country and how many customers are there.
How many orders which expected profits greater than 100?
Please calculate the total payment amount of customers who come from the USA.
How many Sales Rep who are working in Tokyo? List out email and full name of those employees.
State the email of those who are staff of Murphy Diane whose number is 1002 and living in San Francisco
How many Sales Manager who are working in Sydney? List out their email.
What is the phone number of all companies where the last name of the contact person starts with the letter M and are not from Germany?
Of all the orders placed and shipped throughout the year 2005, what percentage of those orders corresponds to customer number 186?
What profit can the seller Carousel DieCast Legends make from the sale of the product described as "The perfect holiday or anniversary gift for executives"?
For the productline where the product No.S18_2949 was produced, what's the text description for that product line?
How do I contact the President of the company?
When were the products ordered by Cruz & Sons Co. on 2003-03-03 shipped?
How much did customer 103 pay in total?
What is the total price of the order 10100?
List out sale rep that has sold 1969 Harley Davidson Ultimate Chopper. List out their names and quantity sold throughout the year.
Who are the sales representatives in New York City? List their full names.
How many countries from the USA have an In Process order status?
How many customers have a credit limit of not more than 100,000 and which customer made the highest total payment amount for the year 2004?
Which two products has the highest and lowest expected profits? Determine the total price for each product in terms of the largest quantity that was ordered.
Please calculate the total value of Motorcycles orders.
How many French customers shipped 2 orders which have been cancelled?
How many customers who are in Norway and have credit line under 220000?
Among the German customers, how many of the them has credit limit of zero?
For the planes which has the hightest total price, how much it exceeds the average?
How many kinds of products did order No. 10252 contain?
Among the customers of empolyee 1370, who has the highest credit limit?Please list the full name of the contact person.
Who is the sales agent of the distinct customer who paid the highest amount in the year 2004?
How many sales representatives who have office code is 1?
List out 3 customer numbers who have highest amount payment
Calculate the average amount of payments made by customers during the first half of 2004.
If I'm from the Muscle Machine Inc, to which e-mail adress should I write a letter if I want to reach the superior of my sales representitive?
