nl_question
How many continents are there?
What is the number of continents?
How many countries does each continent have? List the continent id, continent name and the number of countries.
For each continent, list its id, name, and how many countries it has?
How many countries are listed?
How many countries exist?
How many models does each car maker produce? List maker full name, id and the number.
What is the full name of each car maker, along with its id and how many models it produces?
Which model of the car has the minimum horsepower?
What is the model of the car with the smallest amount of horsepower?
Find the model of the car whose weight is below the average weight.
What is the model for the car with a weight smaller than the average?
Find the name of the makers that produced some cars in the year of 1970?
What is the name of the different car makers who produced a car in 1970?
Find the make and production time of the cars that were produced in the earliest year?
What is the maker of the carr produced in the earliest year and what year was it?
Which distinct car models are the produced after 1980?
What are the different models for the cards produced after 1980?
How many car makers are there in each continents? List the continent name and the count.
What is the name of each continent and how many car makers are there in each one?
Which of the countries has the most car makers? List the country name.
What is the name of the country with the most car makers?
How many car models are produced by each maker ? Only list the count and the maker full name .
What is the number of car models that are produced by each maker and what is the id and full name of each maker?
What is the accelerate of the car make amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How much does the car accelerate that makes amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How many car makers are there in france?
What is the number of makers of care in France?
How many car models are produced in the usa?
What is the count of the car models produced in the United States?
What is the average miles per gallon(mpg) of the cars with 4 cylinders?
What is the average miles per gallon of all the cards with 4 cylinders?
What is the smallest weight of the car produced with 8 cylinders on 1974 ?
What is the minimum weight of the car with 8 cylinders produced in 1974 ?
What are all the makers and models?
What are the makers and models?
What are the countries having at least one car maker? List name and id.
What are the names and ids of all countries with at least one car maker?
What is the number of the cars with horsepower more than 150?
What is the number of cars with a horsepower greater than 150?
What is the average weight of cars each year?
What is the average weight and year for each year?
Which countries in europe have at least 3 car manufacturers?
What are the names of all European countries with at least 3 manufacturers?
What is the maximum horsepower and the make of the car models with 3 cylinders?
What is the largest amount of horsepower for the models with 3 cylinders and what make is it?
Which model saves the most gasoline? That is to say, have the maximum miles per gallon.
What is the car model with the highest mpg ?
What is the average horsepower of the cars before 1980?
What is the average horsepower for all cars produced before 1980 ?
What is the average edispl of the cars of model volvo?
What is the average edispl for all volvos?
What is the maximum accelerate for different number of cylinders?
What is the maximum accelerate for all the different cylinders?
Which model has the most version(make) of cars?
What model has the most different versions?
How many cars have more than 4 cylinders?
What is the number of cars with more than 4 cylinders?
how many cars were produced in 1980?
In 1980, how many cars were made?
How many car models were produced by the maker with full name American Motor Company?
What is the number of car models created by the car maker American Motor Company?
Which makers designed more than 3 car models? List full name and the id.
What are the names and ids of all makers with more than 3 models?
Which distinctive models are produced by maker with the full name General Motors or weighing more than 3500?
What are the different models created by either the car maker General Motors or weighed more than 3500?
In which years cars were produced weighing no less than 3000 and no more than 4000 ?
What are the different years in which there were cars produced that weighed less than 4000 and also cars that weighted more than 3000 ?
What is the horsepower of the car with the largest accelerate?
What is the horsepower of the car with the greatest accelerate?
For model volvo, how many cylinders does the car with the least accelerate have?
For a volvo model, how many cylinders does the version with least accelerate have?
How many cars have a larger accelerate than the car with the largest horsepower?
What is the number of cars with a greater accelerate than the one with the most horsepower?
How many countries has more than 2 car makers ?
What is the number of countries with more than 2 car makers ?
How many cars has over 6 cylinders?
What is the number of carsw ith over 6 cylinders?
For the cars with 4 cylinders, which model has the largest horsepower?
For all of the 4 cylinder cars, which model has the most horsepower?
Among the cars with more than lowest horsepower, which ones do not have more than 3 cylinders? List the car makeid and make name.
Among the cars that do not have the minimum horsepower , what are the make ids and names of all those with less than 4 cylinders ?
What is the maximum miles per gallon of the car with 8 cylinders or produced before 1980 ?
What is the maximum mpg of the cars that had 8 cylinders or that were produced before 1980 ?
Which models are lighter than 3500 but not built by the 'Ford Motor Company'?
What are the different models wthat are lighter than 3500 but were not built by the Ford Motor Company?
What are the name of the countries where there is not a single car maker?
What are the names of the countries with no car makers?
Which are the car makers which produce at least 2 models and more than 3 car makers ? List the id and the maker .
What are the ids and makers of all car makers that produce at least 2 models and make more than 3 cars?
What are the id and names of the countries which have more than 3 car makers or produce the 'fiat' model?
What are the ids and names of all countries that either have more than 3 car makers or produce fiat model ?
