nl_question
How many drivers are there?
Find the total number of drivers.
Find the number of drivers whose points are greater than 150 for each make.
How many drivers receive points greater than 150 for each make? Show the make and the count.
Find the average age of drivers for each make.
What is the average age of drivers for each make? Return the average age and make.
What are the average laps of all the drivers who are younger than 20?
Compute the average laps of drivers under the age of 20.
What are the managers and sponsors of teams? Sort the results by Car Owners.
Find the manager and sponsor for each team and order them by the car owner.
Find the make that has more than one team.
Which make has more than one team?
What are the makes of the teams with car owner "Buddy Arrington"?
Find the make of the team whose car owner is "Buddy Arrington".
What are the maximum and minimum points of drivers.
Find the highest and lowest points of drivers.
How many drivers have points smaller than 150?
Count the number of drivers whose points are below 150.
List all the driver names in ascending order of age.
Sort the driver names by age in ascending order.
List all the driver names in descending order of points.
What is the list of drivers ordered by points in descending order?
Please show the names of drivers, and countries they are from.
For each driver, return his or her name and country.
Show the maximum points of the drivers from countries with capital "Dublin"
What is the maximum points of the drivers from a country whose capital is "Dublin"?
What is the average age of drivers from countries with official native language "English"
Find the average age of the drivers from the countries that use "English" as official native language.
What are the countries that have drivers with points larger than 150?
Find all the countries where some drivers have points above 150.
What is the capital of the country where the driver with the most points is from?
Which country is the driver with the highest points from? Give me the capital of the country.
List each make with the number of drivers with that make.
For each make, return the make and the count of drivers with that make.
List the make that are associated with most drivers.
Which make does the most drivers have?
List the driver makes that are associated with at least three drivers.
Which make is associated with 3 or more drivers?
List the names of teams that do not have any drivers.
Which team does not have drivers?
Which country has both drivers with make "Dodge" and drivers with make "Chevrolet"?
Find the countries in which there are both drivers with make "Dodge" and drivers with make "Chevrolet".
Show total and average points of all drivers.
What are the total and average points of drivers?
Find the countries where no driver come from.
Which countries do not have any drivers?
What are the manager and sponsor of the team that has the most drivers?
Find the manager and sponsor of the team that has the most drivers.
What are the manager and car owner of the team that has at least 2 drivers?
Find the team with two or more drivers and return the the manager and car owner of the team.
