nl_question
How many races are there?
Count the number of races.
List the winning drivers and winning teams of races in ascending alphabetical order of winning team.
What are the winning drivers and teams of races, ordered alphabetically by team?
Which winning drivers of races had pole position that is not "Junior Strous"?
Return the winning drivers of races who did not have the pole position of Junior Strous.
Who are the constructors of drivers sorted by drivers' age in ascending order?
Return the different constructors of drivers, ordered by age ascending.
What are the distinct entrant types of drivers aged 20 or older?
Give the different entrant types for drivers at least 20 years old.
What are the maximum and minimum age of driver?
Return the maximum and minimum age across drivers.
How many different engines are used by drivers with age older than 30 or younger than 20?
Count the number of different engines used by drivers who had an age either over 30 or under 20.
List all names of drivers in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of drivers, ordered descending alphabetically?
Please show the names of drivers and the names of races they participate in.
What are the names of drivers and the names of the races they took part in?
Please show the names of drivers and the number of races they participate in.
How many races did each driver participate in?
Please show the age of the driver who participated in the most number of races.
What is the age of the driver who raced in the most races?
Please show the names and ages of the drivers who participated in at least two races.
What are the names and ages of drivers who raced in two or more races?
Please list the names of races with drivers aged 26 or older participating.
What are the names of races in which drivers 26 or older took part?
List the names of drivers whose constructor is not "Bugatti".
What are the names od drivers who did not have the constructor Bugatti?
List different constructors and the number of drivers that use each constructor.
How many drivers use each constructor?
List the most common type of engine used by drivers.
What is the most common type of engine?
List the types of engines that are used by at least two drivers.
What are the engine types that are used by two or more drivers?
List the names of drivers that do not participate in any race.
What are names of drivers who did not take part in a race?
Show the constructors that are used both by drivers with age lower than 20 and drivers with age over than 30.
What are the constructors who are used by both drivers who are younger than 20 and drivers older than 30?
Find the teams that won more than once.
Which teams won more than 1 race?
Find the names of drivers who were in both "James Hinchcliffe" and "Carl Skerlong" pole positions before.
What are the names of drivers who had both the pole position James Hinchcliffe and the pole position Carl Skerlong?
find the name of drivers who were never in "James Hinchcliffe" pole position before.
What are the names of drivers except for those who had the pole position James Hinchcliffe?
