nl_question
What is id of the city that hosted events in the most recent year?
Find the city that hosted some events in the most recent year. What is the id of this city?
Find the match ids of the cities that hosted competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification"?
What is the match id of the competition called "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification"?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2010?
Which cities served as a host city after 2010?
Which city has hosted the most events?
Find the city that hosted the most events.
What is the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )"?
Find the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" which was hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )".
Give me the temperature of Shanghai in January.
What is the temperature of "Shanghai" city in January?
What is the host year of city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )"?
IN which year did city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )" serve as a host city?
Which three cities have the largest regional population?
What are the three largest cities in terms of regional population?
Which city has the lowest GDP? Please list the city name and its GDP.
What is the city with the smallest GDP? Return the city and its GDP.
Which city has the highest temperature in February?
In February, which city marks the highest temperature?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Which cities' temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities?
Which cities have lower temperature in March than in July and have been once host cities?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec and which have never been host cities.
Which cities have lower temperature in March than in Dec and have never served as host cities?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun or cities that were once host cities?
Which cities have higher temperature in Feb than in Jun or have once served as host cities?
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 10000000.
Which cities have regional population above 10000000?
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 8000000 or under 5000000.
Which cities have regional population above 8000000 or below 5000000?
Find the number of matches in different competitions.
For each competition, count the number of matches.
List venues of all matches in the order of their dates starting from the most recent one.
What are the venues of all the matches? Sort them in the descending order of match date.
what is the GDP of the city with the largest population.
Find the GDP of the city with the largest regional population.
What are the GDP and population of the city that already served as a host more than once?
Which cities have served as host cities more than once? Return me their GDP and population.
