nl_question
How many climbers are there?
Count the number of climbers.
List the names of climbers in descending order of points.
What are the names of the climbers, ordered by points descending?
List the names of climbers whose country is not Switzerland.
What are the names of climbers who are not from the country of Switzerland?
What is the maximum point for climbers whose country is United Kingdom?
Return the maximum number of points for climbers from the United Kingdom.
How many distinct countries are the climbers from?
Count the number of different countries that climbers are from.
What are the names of mountains in ascending alphabetical order?
Give the names of mountains in alphabetical order.
What are the countries of mountains with height bigger than 5000?
Return the countries of the mountains that have a height larger than 5000.
What is the name of the highest mountain?
Return the name of the mountain with the greatest height.
List the distinct ranges of the mountains with the top 3 prominence.
What are the different ranges of the 3 mountains with the highest prominence?
Show names of climbers and the names of mountains they climb.
What are the names of climbers and the corresponding names of mountains that they climb?
Show the names of climbers and the heights of mountains they climb.
What are the names of climbers and the corresponding heights of the mountains that they climb?
Show the height of the mountain climbed by the climber with the maximum points.
What is the height of the mountain climbined by the climbing who had the most points?
Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country "West Germany".
What are the different names of mountains ascended by climbers from the country of West Germany?
Show the times used by climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda.
What are the times used by climbers who climbed mountains in the country of Uganda?
Please show the countries and the number of climbers from each country.
How many climbers are from each country?
List the countries that have more than one mountain.
Which countries have more than one mountain?
List the names of mountains that do not have any climber.
What are the names of countains that no climber has climbed?
Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200.
What are the countries that have both mountains that are higher than 5600 and lower than 5200?
Show the range that has the most number of mountains.
Which range contains the most mountains?
Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000.
What are the names of mountains that have a height of over 5000 or a prominence of over 1000?
