nl_question
How many clubs are there?
Count the total number of clubs.
What are the names of all clubs?
Give me the name of each club.
How many students are there?
Count the total number of students.
What are the first names of all the students?
Find each student's first name.
Find the last names of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Who are the members of the club named "Bootup Baltimore"? Give me their last names.
Who are the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the last name.
Return the last name for the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
How many members does the club "Tennis Club" has?
Count the members of the club "Tennis Club".
Find the number of members of club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
How many people have membership in the club "Pen and Paper Gaming"?
How many clubs does "Linda Smith" belong to?
How many clubs does "Linda Smith" have membership for?
Find the number of clubs where "Tracy Kim" is a member.
For how many clubs is "Tracy Kim" a member?
Find all the female members of club "Bootup Baltimore". Show the first name and last name.
Give me the first name and last name for all the female members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Find all the male members of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises". Show the first name and last name.
What are the first name and last name of each male member in club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
Find all members of "Bootup Baltimore" whose major is "600". Show the first name and last name.
Which members of "Bootup Baltimore" major in "600"? Give me their first names and last names.
Which club has the most members majoring in "600"?
Find the club which has the largest number of members majoring in "600".
Find the name of the club that has the most female students.
Which club has the most female students as their members? Give me the name of the club.
What is the description of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Find the description of the club called "Tennis Club".
Find the description of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
What is the description of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming"?
What is the location of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Where us the club named "Tennis Club" located?
Find the location of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
Where is the club "Pen and Paper Gaming" located?
Where is the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises" located?
Tell me the location of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
Find the name of all the clubs at "AKW".
Which clubs are located at "AKW"? Return the club names.
How many clubs are located at "HHH"?
Count the number of clubs located at "HHH".
What are the first and last name of the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Who is the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"? Give me the first and last name.
Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
Find the first name and last name for the "CTO" of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
How many different roles are there in the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Count the number of different positions in the club "Bootup Baltimore".
How many members of "Bootup Baltimore" are older than 18?
Count the number of members in club "Bootup Baltimore" whose age is above 18.
How many members of club "Bootup Baltimore" are younger than 18?
Count the number of members in club "Bootup Baltimore" whose age is below 18.
Find the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "BAL".
Which clubs have one or more members from the city with code "BAL"? Give me the names of the clubs.
Find the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "HOU".
Which clubs have one or more members from the city with code "HOU"? Give me the names of the clubs.
How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
Count the number of clubs for which the student named "Eric Tai" is a member.
List the clubs having "Davis Steven" as a member.
What are the names of the clubs that have "Davis Steven" as a member?
List the clubs that have at least a member with advisor "1121".
Which clubs have one or more members whose advisor is "1121"?
What is the average age of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Find the average age of the members in the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Find the average age of members of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
On average, how old are the members in the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
Retrieve the average age of members of the club "Tennis Club".
Compute the average age of the members in the club "Tennis Club".
