nl_question
How many courses are there in total?
Count the number of courses.
How many courses have more than 2 credits?
Count the number of courses with more than 2 credits.
List all names of courses with 1 credit?
What are the names of courses with 1 credit?
Which courses are taught on days MTW?
What are the course names for courses taught on MTW?
What is the number of departments in Division "AS"?
How many departments are in the division AS?
What are the phones of departments in Room 268?
Give the phones for departments in room 268.
Find the number of students that have at least one grade "B".
How many students have had at least one "B" grade?
Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade.
What are the maximum and minumum grade points?
Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter "a".
What are the first names for students who have an "a" in their first name?
Find the first names and last names of male (sex is M) faculties who live in building NEB.
What are the full names of faculties with sex M and who live in building NEB?
Find the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB.
What are the rooms for members of the faculty who are professors and who live in building NEB?
Find the department name that is in Building "Mergenthaler".
What is the name of the department in the Building Mergenthaler?
List all information about courses sorted by credits in the ascending order.
What is all the information about courses, ordered by credits ascending?
List the course name of courses sorted by credits.
What are the course names, ordered by credits?
Find the first name of students in the descending order of age.
What are the first names of students, ordered by age from greatest to least?
Find the last name of female (sex is F) students in the descending order of age.
What are the last names of female students, ordered by age descending?
Find the last names of faculties in building Barton in alphabetic order.
What are the last names of faculty in building Barton, sorted by last name?
Find the first names of faculties of rank Professor in alphabetic order.
What are the first names for all faculty professors, ordered by first name?
Find the name of the department that has the biggest number of students minored in?
What is the name of the department with the most students minoring in it?
Find the name of the department that has no students minored in?
What is the name of the department htat has no students minoring in it?
Find the name of the department that has the fewest members.
What is the name of the department with the fewest members?
Find the rank of the faculty that the fewest faculties belong to.
What is the least common faculty rank?
What are the first and last names of the instructors who teach the top 3 number of courses?
What are the full names of the 3 instructors who teach the most courses?
Which building does the instructor who teaches the most number of courses live in?
Give the building that the instructor who teaches the greatest number of courses lives in.
What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments?
Give the names of the courses with at least five enrollments.
Find the first name and last name of the instructor of course that has course name
What is the full name of the instructor who has a course named COMPUTER LITERACY?
Find the department name and room of the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE.
What are the department name and room for the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE?
Find the student first and last names and grade points of all enrollments.
What are the full names and gradepoints for all enrollments?
Find the distinct student first names of all students that have grade point at least 3.8 in one course.
What are the distinct first names for students with a grade point of 3.8 or above in at least one course?
Find the full names of faculties who are members of department with department number 520.
What are the full names of faculty members who are a part of department 520?
What are the first names and last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140.
What are the full names of students minoring in department 140?
Find the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department.
What are the last names of faculty who are part of the computer science department?
Find the average grade point of student whose last name is Smith.
What is the average gradepoint for students with the last name Smith?
What is the maximum and minimum grade point of students who live in NYC?
Give the maximum and minimum gradepoints for students living in NYC?
Find the names of courses that have either 3 credits or 1 credit but 4 hours.
What are the names of courses that give either 3 credits, or 1 credit and 4 hours?
Find the names of departments that are either in division AS or in division EN and in Building NEB.
What are the names of departments either in division AS, or in division EN and in building NEB?
Find the first name of students not enrolled in any course.
What are the first names of all students that are not enrolled in courses?
