nl_question
Find the buildings which have rooms with capacity more than 50.
What are the distinct buildings with capacities of greater than 50?
Count the number of rooms that are not in the Lamberton building.
How many classrooms are not in Lamberton?
What is the name and building of the departments whose budget is more than the average budget?
Give the name and building of the departments with greater than average budget.
Find the room number of the rooms which can sit 50 to 100 students and their buildings.
What are the room numbers and corresponding buildings for classrooms which can seat between 50 to 100 students?
Find the name and building of the department with the highest budget.
What is the department name and corresponding building for the department with the greatest budget?
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department.
Give the name of the student in the History department with the most credits.
How many rooms does the Lamberton building have?
Count the number of classrooms in Lamberton.
How many students have advisors?
Count the number of students who have advisors.
How many departments offer courses?
Count the number of departments which offer courses.
How many different courses offered by Physics department?
Count the number of courses in the Physics department.
Find the title of courses that have two prerequisites?
What are the titles for courses with two prerequisites?
Find the title, credit, and department name of courses that have more than one prerequisites?
What is the title, credit value, and department name for courses with more than one prerequisite?
How many courses that do not have prerequisite?
Count the number of courses without prerequisites.
Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
What are the titles of courses without prerequisites?
How many different instructors have taught some course?
Count the number of distinct instructors who have taught a course.
Find the total budgets of the Marketing or Finance department.
What is the sum of budgets of the Marketing and Finance departments?
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon'.
What is the name of the department with an instructure who has a name like 'Soisalon'?
How many rooms whose capacity is less than 50 does the Lamberton building have?
Count the number of rooms in Lamberton with capacity lower than 50.
Find the name and budget of departments whose budgets are more than the average budget.
What are the names and budgets of departments with budgets greater than the average?
what is the name of the instructor who is in Statistics department and earns the lowest salary?
Give the name of the lowest earning instructor in the Statistics department.
Find the title of course that is provided by both Statistics and Psychology departments.
What is the title of a course that is listed in both the Statistics and Psychology departments?
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments.
What are the titles of courses that are in the Statistics department but not the Psychology department?
Find the id of instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010.
What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 but not in the Spring of 2010?
Find the name of students who took any class in the years of 2009 and 2010.
What are the names of the students who took classes in 2009 or 2010?
Find the names of the top 3 departments that provide the largest amount of courses?
What are the names of the 3 departments with the most courses?
Find the name of the department that offers the highest total credits?
What is the name of the department with the most credits?
List the names of all courses ordered by their titles and credits.
Given the titles of all courses, in order of titles and credits.
Which department has the lowest budget?
Give the name of the department with the lowest budget.
List the names and buildings of all departments sorted by the budget from large to small.
What are the names and buildings of the deparments, sorted by budget descending?
Who is the instructor with the highest salary?
Give the name of the highest paid instructor.
List the information of all instructors ordered by their salary in ascending order.
Give all information regarding instructors, in order of salary from least to greatest.
Find the name of the students and their department names sorted by their total credits in ascending order.
What are the names of students and their respective departments, ordered by number of credits from least to greatest?
list in alphabetic order all course names and their instructors' names in year 2008.
Show all titles and their instructors' names for courses in 2008, in alphabetical order by title.
Find the name of instructors who are advising more than one student.
What are the names of instructors who advise more than one student?
Find the name of the students who have more than one advisor?
What are the names of students who have more than one advisor?
Find the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for each building.
How many rooms in each building have a capacity of over 50?
Find the maximum and average capacity among rooms in each building.
What are the greatest and average capacity for rooms in each building?
Find the title of the course that is offered by more than one department.
What are the titles of courses that are offered in more than one department?
Find the total credits of courses provided by different department.
How many total credits are offered by each department?
Find the minimum salary for the departments whose average salary is above the average payment of all instructors.
What is the lowest salary in departments with average salary greater than the overall average.
Find the number of courses provided in each semester and year.
How many courses are provided in each semester and year?
Find the year which offers the largest number of courses.
Which year had the greatest number of courses?
Find the year and semester when offers the largest number of courses.
What is the year and semester with the most courses?
Find the name of department has the highest amount of students?
What is the name of the deparment with the highest enrollment?
Find the total number of students in each department.
How many students are in each department?
Find the semester and year which has the least number of student taking any class.
Which semeseter and year had the fewest students?
What is the id of the instructor who advises of all students from History department?
Give id of the instructor who advises students in the History department.
Find the name and salary of the instructors who are advisors of any student from History department?
What are the names and salaries of instructors who advises students in the History department?
Find the id of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
What are the ids of courses without prerequisites?
Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
What are the names of courses without prerequisites?
What is the title of the prerequisite class of International Finance course?
Give the title of the prerequisite to the course International Finance.
Find the title of course whose prerequisite is course Differential Geometry.
What is the title of the course with Differential Geometry as a prerequisite?
Find the names of students who have taken any course in the fall semester of year 2003.
What are the names of students who took a course in the Fall of 2003?
What is the title of the course that was offered at building Chandler during the fall semester in the year of 2010?
Give the title of the course offered in Chandler during the Fall of 2010.
Find the name of the instructors who taught C Programming course before.
What are the names of instructors who have taught C Programming courses?
Find the name and salary of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department.
What are the names and salaries of instructors who advise students in the Math department?
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department, and sort the results by students' total credit.
What are the names of all instructors who advise students in the math depart sorted by total credits of the student.
What is the course title of the prerequisite of course Mobile Computing?
What is the title of the course that is a prerequisite for Mobile Computing?
Find the name of instructor who is the advisor of the student who has the highest number of total credits.
What is the name of the instructor who advises the student with the greatest number of total credits?
Find the name of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
What are the names of instructors who didn't teach?
Find the id of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
What are the ids of instructors who didnt' teach?
Find the names of instructors who didn't each any courses in any Spring semester.
What are the names of instructors who didn't teach courses in the Spring?
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors.
Which department has the highest average instructor salary?
Find the number and averaged salary of all instructors who are in the department with the highest budget.
How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget, and what is their average salary?
What is the title and credits of the course that is taught in the largest classroom (with the highest capacity)?
Give the title and credits for the course that is taught in the classroom with the greatest capacity.
Find the name of students who didn't take any course from Biology department.
What are the names of students who haven't taken any Biology courses?
Find the total number of students and total number of instructors for each department.
How many students and instructors are in each department?
Find the name of students who have taken the prerequisite course of the course with title International Finance.
What are the names of students who have taken the prerequisite for the course International Finance?
Find the name and salary of instructors whose salary is below the average salary of the instructors in the Physics department.
What are the names and salaries for instructors who earn less than the average salary of instructors in the Physics department?
Find the name of students who took some course offered by Statistics department.
What are the names of students who have taken Statistics courses?
Find the building, room number, semester and year of all courses offered by Psychology department sorted by course titles.
What are the building, room number, semester and year of courses in the Psychology department, sorted using course title?
Find the names of all instructors in computer science department
What are the names of all instructors in the Comp. Sci. department?
Find the names of all instructors in Comp. Sci. department with salary > 80000.
What are the names of the instructors in the Comp. Sci. department who earn more than 80000?
Find the names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course_id.
What are the names of all instructors who have taught a course, as well as the corresponding course id?
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course_id.
What are the names of Art instructors who have taught a course, and the corresponding course id?
Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar”.
What are the names of all instructors with names that include "dar"?
List in alphabetic order the names of all distinct instructors.
List the distinct names of the instructors, ordered by name.
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 or in Spring 2010.
What are the ids for courses in the Fall of 2009 or the Spring of 2010?
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010.
What are the ids for courses that were offered in both Fall of 2009 and Spring of 2010?
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010.
What are the ids of courses offered in Fall of 2009 but not in Spring of 2010?
Find the salaries of all distinct instructors that are less than the largest salary.
What are the distinct salaries of all instructors who earned less than the maximum salary?
Find the total number of instructors who teach a course in the Spring 2010 semester.
How many instructors teach a course in the Spring of 2010?
Find the names and average salaries of all departments whose average salary is greater than 42000.
What are the names and average salaries for departments with average salary higher than 42000?
Find names of instructors with salary greater than that of some (at least one) instructor in the Biology department.
What are the names of instructors who earn more than at least one instructor from the Biology department?
Find the names of all instructors whose salary is greater than the salary of all instructors in the Biology department.
What are the names of all instructors with a higher salary than any of the instructors in the Biology department?
