nl_question
Find the number of professors in accounting department.
How many professors are in the accounting dept?
How many professors are teaching class with code ACCT-211?
How many professors teach a class with the code ACCT-211?
What is the first and last name of the professor in biology department?
What are the first and last name of all biology professors?
What are the first names and date of birth of professors teaching course ACCT-211?
What are the first names and birthdates of the professors in charge of ACCT-211?
How many classes are professor whose last name is Graztevski has?
How many classes does the professor whose last name is Graztevski teach?
What is the code of the school where the accounting department belongs to?
What is the school code of the accounting department?
How many credits does course CIS-220 have, and what its description?
What is the description for the CIS-220 and how many credits does it have?
what is the address of history department?
Where is the history department?
How many different locations does the school with code BUS has?
What are the different locations of the school with the code BUS?
How many different locations does each school have?
Count different addresses of each school.
Find the description and credit for the course QM-261?
What is the course description and number of credits for QM-261?
Find the number of departments in each school.
How many departments are in each school?
Find the number of different departments in each school whose number of different departments is less than 5.
How many different departments are there in each school that has less than 5 apartments?
How many sections does each course has?
How many sections does each course have?
What is the total credit does each department offer?
How many credits does the department offer?
Find the number of classes offered for all class rooms that held at least 2 classes.
For each classroom with at least 2 classes, how many classes are offered?
Find the number of classes in each department.
How many classes are held in each department?
Find the number of classes in each school.
How many classes exist for each school?
What is the number of professors for different school?
How many different professors are there for the different schools?
Find the count and code of the job has most employees.
What is the count and code of the job with the most employee?
Which school has the smallest amount of professors?
Which school has the fewest professors?
Find the number of professors with a Ph.D. degree in each department.
How many professors have a Ph.D. in each department?
Find the number of students for each department.
How many students are in each department?
Find the total number of hours have done for all students in each department.
How many hours do the students spend studying in each department?
Find the max, average, and minimum gpa of all students in each department.
What is the highest, lowest, and average student GPA for every department?
What is the name and the average gpa of department whose students have the highest average gpa?
Which department has the highest average student GPA, and what is the average gpa?
how many schools exist in total?
How many schools are there in the department?
How many different classes are there?
How many unique classes are offered?
How many courses are offered?
What are the number of different course codes?
How many departments does the college has?
How many different departments are there?
How many courses are offered by the Computer Info. Systems department?
How many courses does the department of Computer Information Systmes offer?
How many sections does course ACCT-211 has?
What is the number of different class sections offered in the course ACCT-211?
Find the total credits of all classes offered by each department.
What are the total number of credits offered by each department?
Find the name of the department that offers the largest number of credits of all classes.
Which department offers the most credits all together?
How many students enrolled in class ACCT-211?
What are the total number of students enrolled in ACCT-211?
What is the first name of each student enrolled in class ACCT-211?
What are the first names of all students in course ACCT-211?
What is the first name of students enrolled in class ACCT-211 and got grade C?
What are the first names of all students who took ACCT-211 and received a C?
Find the total number of employees.
How many employees are there all together?
How many professors do have a Ph.D. degree?
What is the total number of professors with a Ph.D. ?
How many students are enrolled in the class taught by some professor from the accounting department?
How many students are enrolled in some classes that are taught by an accounting professor?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled?
What is the name of the department with the most students enrolled?
list names of all departments ordered by their names.
What are the names of all departments in alphabetical order?
List the codes of all courses that take place in room KLR209.
What are the codes of all the courses that are located in room KLR209?
List the first name of all employees with job code PROF ordered by their date of birth.
What are the first names of all employees that are professors ordered by date of birth?
Find the first names and offices of all professors sorted by alphabetical order of their first name.
What are the first names and office locations for all professors sorted alphabetically by first name?
What is the first and last name of the oldest employee?
What are the first and last names of the employee with the earliest date of birth?
What is the first, last name, gpa of the youngest one among students whose GPA is above 3?
What is the first and last name of the youngest student with a GPA above 3, and what is their GPA?
What is the first name of students who got grade C in any class?
What are the first names of all students who got a grade C in a class?
What is the name of department where has the smallest number of professors?
What is the name of the department with the fewest professors?
What is the name of department where has the largest number of professors with a Ph.D. degree?
Which department has the most professors with a Ph.D.?
What are the first names of the professors who do not teach a class.
What are the first names of all professors not teaching any classes?
What is the first names of the professors from the history department who do not teach a class.
What are the first names of all history professors who do not teach?
What is the last name and office of the professor from the history department?
What are the last name and office of all history professors?
What is department name and office for the professor whose last name is Heffington?
What is the name of the department and office location for the professor with the last name of Heffington?
Find the last name and hire date of the professor who is in office DRE 102.
What is the last name of the professor whose office is located in DRE 102, and when were they hired?
What is the code of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took?
What are the course codes for every class that the student with the last name Smithson took?
What are the description and credit of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took?
How many credits is the course that the student with the last name Smithson took, and what is its description?
How many professors who has a either Ph.D. or MA degree?
How many professors attained either Ph.D. or Masters degrees?
How many professors who are from either Accounting or Biology department?
What is the number of professors who are in the Accounting or Biology departments?
Find the first name of the professor who is teaching two courses with code CIS-220 and QM-261.
What is the first name of the professor who is teaching CIS-220 and QM-261?
Find the first name of student who is taking classes from accounting and Computer Info. Systems departments
What are the first names of all students taking accoutning and Computer Information Systems classes?
What is the average gpa of the students enrolled in the course with code ACCT-211?
What is the average GPA of students taking ACCT-211?
What is the first name, gpa and phone number of the top 5 students with highest gpa?
What is the first name, GPA, and phone number of the students with the top 5 GPAs?
What is the department name of the students with lowest gpa belongs to?
What is the name of the department with the student that has the lowest GPA?
Find the first name and gpa of the students whose gpa is lower than the average gpa of all students.
What is the first name and GPA of every student that has a GPA lower than average?
Find the name and address of the department that has the highest number of students.
What is the name and address of the department with the most students?
Find the name, address, number of students in the departments that have the top 3 highest number of students.
What is the name, address, and number of students in the departments that have the 3 most students?
Find the first name and office of the professor who is in the history department and has a Ph.D. degree.
What are the first names and office of the professors who are in the history department and have a Ph.D?
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course code.
What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding course codes?
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description.
What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding descriptions?
Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and also find the course description.
What are the first names, office locations of all lecturers who have taught some course?
Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description and the department name.
What are the first names, office locations, and departments of all instructors, and also what are the descriptions of the courses they teach?
Find names of all students who took some course and the course description.
What are the names of all students who took a class and the corresponding course descriptions?
Find names of all students who took some course and got A or C.
What are the names of all students taking a course who received an A or C?
Find the first names of all professors in the Accounting department who is teaching some course and the class room.
What are the first names of all Accounting professors who teach and what are the classrooms of the courses they teach?
Find the first names and degree of all professors who are teaching some class in Computer Info. Systems department.
What are the different first names and highest degree attained for professors teaching in the Computer Information Systems department?
What is the last name of the student who got a grade A in the class with code 10018.
What is the last name of the student who received an A in the class with the code 10018?
Find the first name and office of history professor who did not get a Ph.D. degree.
What are the first names and offices of history professors who don't have Ph.D.s?
Find the first names of professors who are teaching more than one class.
What are the first names of all professors who teach more than one class?
Find the first names of students who took exactly one class.
What are the first names of student who only took one course?
Find the name of department that offers the class whose description has the word "Statistics".
What is the name of the department that offers a course that has a description including the word "Statistics"?
What is the first name of the student whose last name starting with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211 class?
What is the first name of the student whose last name starts with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211?
