nl_question
How many companies are there?
Count the number of companies.
List the names of companies in descending order of market value.
Sort the company names in descending order of the company's market value.
What are the names of companies whose headquarters are not "USA"?
Find the names of the companies whose headquarters are not located in "USA".
What are the name and assets of each company, sorted in ascending order of company name?
List the name and assets of each company in ascending order of company name.
What are the average profits of companies?
Compute the average profits companies make.
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
Find the maximum and minimum sales of the companies that are not in the "Banking" industry.
How many different industries are the companies in?
Count the number of distinct company industries.
List the names of buildings in descending order of building height.
What are the names of buildings sorted in descending order of building height?
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
What is the stories of highest building?
List the name of a building along with the name of a company whose office is in the building.
For each company, return the company name and the name of the building its office is located in.
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Which buildings have more than one company offices? Give me the building names.
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Which building has the largest number of company offices? Give me the building name.
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Find the names of the buildings in "on-hold" status, and sort them in ascending order of building stories.
Please show each industry and the corresponding number of companies in that industry.
Whah are the name of each industry and the number of companies in that industry?
Please show the industries of companies in descending order of the number of companies.
Sort all the industries in descending order of the count of companies in each industry
List the industry shared by the most companies.
Which industry has the most companies?
List the names of buildings that have no company office.
Which buildings do not have any company office? Give me the building names.
Show the industries shared by companies whose headquarters are "USA" and companies whose headquarters are "China".
Which industries have both companies with headquarter in "USA" and companies with headquarter in "China"?
Find the number of companies whose industry is "Banking" or "Conglomerate",
How many companies are in either "Banking" industry or "Conglomerate" industry?
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
Which headquarter locations are used by more than 2 companies?
