nl_question
List all the course IDs for professional or master/graduate courses.
Provide the ID of professors who are teaching high-level or harder undergraduate course.
Which level of courses is taught by professor ID 297?
Provide the ID of professors who teach in both harder undergraduate course and master/graduate courses.
Which are the courses with the most number of professors? State the course ID and the level of the course.
How many basic and medium undergraduate courses are there?
Which course has more teachers, course no.16 or course no.18?
Is the teacher who teaches course no.9 a faculty member?
Please list the levels of the all courses taught by teacher no.79.
What is the level of the course with the most number of teachers?
Please list the IDs of the professors that teaches more than 3 courses.
What is the average number of courses taught by a professor?
Calculate the percentage of high-level undergraduate course.
List down the advised student IDs and IDs of employing professor in faculty.
Mention the person ID of faculty professor who taught course ID 104 and the course level.
Find the professor ID and position in faculty who taught high-level undergraduate course of less than 10 in ID.
List the professor ID who taught the course ID from 121 to 130 of basic undergraduate courses.
List any five of course IDs with professor IDs who taught master courses.
Which professor taught the least amount of courses?
How many advisors are in charge of advising all the students in 1st year?
What is the position in the faculty of the professor who teaches the highest number of courses?
What year in the program do the students with more than 2 advisors are in?
Among the students being advised by advisors, which students' year in the program do the advisors advise the majority of?
What is the average number of professional or master/undergraduate courses being taught by each professor?
How many courses were taught by more than 4 people?
Which professor taught the most courses and what is the position of this person in the university?
How many professors are teaching course ID 18?
List the ID and years in program for students taught by advisor with ID 5.
Find the ID of advisor of student ID 80 and state the level of courses taught by him/her.
How many people teaches course no.11?
How many teachers are faculty employees?
Please list the IDs of the teachers who have advised more than 4 others to teach.
Please list the IDs of the advisors of the students who are in the 5th year of their program.
What is the ratio of professors and students?
Provide the position status and IDs of professor who advised student ID "303".
List the person IDs and course levels of the affiliated professors in faculty.
List the course IDs and levels of person IDs from 40 to 50.
How many non-faculty members are not undergoing the phase of qualifications?
Among the students being advised by Advisor 5, how many students are in the 5th year?
How many professors teaches no more than two high-level or harder undergraduate courses?
How many professors teaches basic or medium undergraduate courses?
What is the total of professional courses available at the university? List out all the course id.
What is the sum of year 1 and year 2 students?
Name the advisors for students in Year 3 of the program.
What level is course 165? List the professors who teach the course.
Who are the professors who gave advice to students in the 12th years of program?
Among the faculty affiliated professor, how many professors teaches professional or master/undergraduate courses?
Which courses were taught by a professor who is not a faculty member?
In total, all the students in the 3rd year of their program are advised by how many professors?
Describe the year in program and in phase status for the student with most number in advisor.
List the advisor IDs for students with eighth year of program and position status in faculty of those professors.
How many students are under advisor 415?
How many professional or master/graduate courses are there?
