nl_question
How many singers do we have?
What is the total number of singers?
Show name, country, age for all singers ordered by age from the oldest to the youngest.
What are the names, countries, and ages for every singer in descending order of age?
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age of all singers from France?
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age for all French singers?
Show the name and the release year of the song by the youngest singer.
What are the names and release years for all the songs of the youngest singer?
What are all distinct countries where singers above age 20 are from?
What are  the different countries with singers above age 20?
Show all countries and the number of singers in each country.
How many singers are from each country?
List all song names by singers above the average age.
What are all the song names by singers who are older than average?
Show location and name for all stadiums with a capacity between 5000 and 10000.
What are the locations and names of all stations with capacity between 5000 and 10000?
What is the maximum capacity and the average of all stadiums ?
What is the average and maximum capacities for all stadiums ?
What is the name and capacity for the stadium with highest average attendance?
What is the name and capacity for the stadium with the highest average attendance?
How many concerts are there in year 2014 or 2015?
How many concerts occurred in 2014 or 2015?
Show the stadium name and the number of concerts in each stadium.
For each stadium, how many concerts play there?
Show the stadium name and capacity with most number of concerts in year 2014 or after.
What is the name and capacity of the stadium with the most concerts after 2013 ?
Which year has most number of concerts?
What is the year that had the most concerts?
Show the stadium names without any concert.
What are the names of the stadiums without any concerts?
Show countries where a singer above age 40 and a singer below 30 are from.
Show names for all stadiums except for stadiums having a concert in year 2014.
What are the names of all stadiums that did not have a concert in 2014?
Show the name and theme for all concerts and the number of singers in each concert.
What are the names , themes , and number of singers for every concert ?
List singer names and number of concerts for each singer.
What are the names of the singers and number of concerts for each person?
List all singer names in concerts in year 2014.
What are the names of the singers who performed in a concert in 2014?
what is the name and nation of the singer who have a song having 'Hey' in its name?
What is the name and country of origin of every singer who has a song with the word 'Hey' in its title?
Find the name and location of the stadiums which some concerts happened in the years of both 2014 and 2015.
What are the names and locations of the stadiums that had concerts that occurred in both 2014 and 2015?
Find the number of concerts happened in the stadium with the highest capacity .
What are the number of concerts that occurred in the stadium with the largest capacity ?
