nl_question
How many conferences are there?
What is the total number of conferences?
List all distinct conference names.
What are the different conference names?
List all conference name, year, and location.
What are the names, years, and locations of all conferences?
Show all conference names and the number of times each conference has.
For each conference name, how many times has it occurred?
show all years and the number of conferences in each year.
How many conferences occur every year?
which year has least number of conferences?
What year had the fewest conferences?
Show all locations where at least two conferences are located.
What are all locations that have hosted at least two conferences?
Show the institution name, location and founded year of all institutions.
What are the names, locations, and founding years for all institutions?
How many institution are founded between 1850 and 1900?
How many institutions were founded between 1850 and 1900?
Show the institution name and location of institution that is most recently founded.
What are the names and locations of the most recently-founded institution?
Show the institution name and the number of staff for each institution founded after 1800.
For each institution id , how many staff members does each institution have that was founded after 1800 ? return their names .
Show institution name which there is no staff in our record.
What is the name of the institution with no staff in the records?
Show all staff name who are above the average age.
What are the names of all staff members who are older than average?
What is the maximum and minimum age of all staff from the United States?
What are the maximum and minimum ages for all staff?
Show all conference names which the staff from Canada attends.
What are the names of all the conferences that has staff from Canada attending?
Show all staff names who have been both speaker and sponsor in some conference.
What are the names of the staff members who have been both a speaker and a sponsor at some conference?
Show all names who have been in both ACL and Naccl.
What are the names of everbody who has participated in both the ACL and NACCL conferences?
Show all staff names who attend a conference in 2003 or 2004.
What are the staff names who participated in conferences between 2003 or 2004?
Show the conference name and year and the number of participants for each conference.
For each conference id, what are their names, year, and number of participants?
Find the name of the conferences that have the top 2 most number of attendants.
What are the names of the conferences that have the top 2 most people attending?
Find the name and nationality of the people who did not participate in any ACL conference.
What are the names and nationalities of the people who did not participate in any ACL conferences?
Find the name and location of the universities that did not have any staff participated in any conference in 2004.
What are the names and locations of the universities that did not have any staff participating in any conferences in 2004?
