nl_question
What is the title of the recipe that is most likely to gain weight?
Please list the titles of all the recipes that are salt/sodium-free.
Please list the titles of all the recipes that may lead to constipation, feeling sick or stomach pain.
Among the recipes that take more than 10 minutes to prepare, what is the title of the one with the most calories?
Please list the names of all the ingredients needed for the recipe "Raspberry Chiffon Pie" that do not need preprocessing.
How many recipes include the ingredient "graham cracker crumbs"?
At least how many cups of graham cracker crumbs does the recipe "Raspberry Chiffon Pie" need?
How many calories on average does a recipe that comes from "Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day" contain?
Which recipe needs the most frozen raspberries in light syrup? State its title.
Give the name of the most widely used ingredient.
What kind of preparation is needed for apple juice to make a raspberry-pear couscous cake?
How much Vitamin A is in Sherry beef?
State the title of the recipe with most kinds of ingredients.
What is the average calorie count for all recipes using coarsely ground black pepper?
What are the names of the recipes that will cause stomach pain?
Which ingredient appeared the least in recipes?
List all the ingredients for Strawberry Sorbet.
What are the optional ingredients for Warm Chinese Chicken Salad?
Among the recipes with alcohol content over 10, which recipe takes the longest to prepare?
Among the recipes whose source is the National Potato Board, which recipe has the highest calories?
Provide the title and total time of the recipe which has the highest possibility of gaining weight.
List the ingredients in Tomato-Cucumber Relish.
Describe the ingredients in the recipe with the highest vitamin that helps vision in dim light.
Among the recipes from The California Tree Fruit Agreement, calculate the percentage of sodium-free recipes.
How many recipes can be made with canned dairy?
Provide the title and total time of the recipe which can be made with only lima beans.
Among the recipes with sea bass, how many percent of recipes can serve 10 people and above?
List the names of alcohol free recipes.
What is the average vitamin C amount of all cakes?
What ingredients does the longest cooking time recipe have?
Calculate the percentage of recipes with no cholesterol included and have a cooking time less than 20 minutes among all recipes.
How many ingredients must be rationed in the recipe "Raspberry Chiffon Pie"?
How many calories does the turkey tenderloin bundles recipe have?
How many cups of 1% lowfat milk should be added to no.1436 recipe?
State the name of the optional ingredient of no.1397 recipe.
How many cups of almonds do you need for a chicken pocket sandwich?
How many times is the sodium content in Lasagne-Spinach Spirals to Beef and Spinach Pita Pockets?
How many baking product ingredients are there in the No-Bake Chocolate Cheesecake?
Which recipes contain almond extract?
List the ingredients which measure in slices.
What is the percentage calories protein of Raspberry Chiffon Pie?
How many ingredients are required to make the Raspberry Chiffon Pie?
List the names of recipes that can lead to constipation.
List all the ingredients of Apricot Yogurt Parfaits.
Among all recipes containing cheese, what is the percentage of recipes with calories greater than 200?
Is the ingredient "graham cracker crumbs" optional in the recipe "Raspberry Chiffon Pie"?
What are the names of the ingredients that need to be cook in beef broth?
How much fat does the Raspberry Chiffon Pie have?
Identify recipes with different maximum and minimum quantities.
