nl_question
How many counties are there?
Count the number of countries.
List the names of counties in descending order of population.
What are the names of the counties of public safety, ordered by population descending?
List the distinct police forces of counties whose location is not on east side.
What are the different police forces of counties that are not located in the East?
What are the minimum and maximum crime rate of counties?
Return the minimum and maximum crime rates across all counties.
Show the crime rates of counties in ascending order of number of police officers.
What are the crime rates of counties sorted by number of offices ascending?
What are the names of cities in ascending alphabetical order?
Return the names of cities, ordered alphabetically.
What are the percentage of hispanics in cities with the black percentage higher than 10?
Return the hispanic percentage for cities in which the black percentage is greater than 10.
List the name of the county with the largest population.
What is the name of the county with the greatest population?
List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages.
What are the names of the five cities with the greatest proportion of white people?
Show names of cities and names of counties they are in.
What are the names of cities, as well as the names of the counties they correspond to?
Show white percentages of cities and the crime rates of counties they are in.
What are the white percentages of cities, and the corresponding crime rates of the counties they correspond to?
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers.
What are the names of cities that are in the county with the most police officers?
Show the number of cities in counties that have a population more than 20000.
How many cities are in counties that have populations of over 20000?
Show the crime rate of counties with a city having white percentage more than 90.
What are the crime rates of counties that contain cities that have white percentages of over 90?
Please show the police forces and the number of counties with each police force.
How many counties correspond to each police force?
What is the location shared by most counties?
Which location has the most corresponding counties?
List the names of counties that do not have any cities.
What are the names of counties that do not contain any cities?
Show the police force shared by counties with location on the east and west.
Which police forces operate in both counties that are located in the East and in the West?
Show the names of cities in counties that have a crime rate less than 100.
What are the names of cities that are in counties that have a crime rate below 100?
Show the case burden of counties in descending order of population.
What are the case burdens of counties, ordered descending by population?
