nl_question
What document status codes do we have?
What is the description of document status code 'working'?
What document type codes do we have?
What is the description of document type 'Paper'?
What are the shipping agent names?
What is the shipping agent code of shipping agent UPS?
What are all role codes?
What is the description of role code ED?
How many employees do we have?
What is the role of the employee named Koby?
List all document ids and receipt dates of documents.
How many employees does each role have? List role description, id and number of employees.
List roles that have more than one employee. List the role description and number of employees.
What is the document status description of the document with id 1?
How many documents have the status code done?
List the document type code for the document with the id 2.
List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper.
What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2?
How many documents were shipped by USPS?
Which shipping agent shipped the most documents? List the shipping agent name and the number of documents.
What is the receipt date of the document with id 3?
What address was the document with id 4 mailed to?
What is the mail date of the document with id 7?
List the document ids of documents with the status done and type Paper, which not shipped by the shipping agent named USPS.
List document id of documents status is done and document type is Paper and the document is shipped by shipping agent named USPS.
What is draft detail of the document with id 7?
How many draft copies does the document with id 2 have?
Which document has the most draft copies? List its document id and number of draft copies.
Which documents have more than 1 draft copies? List document id and number of draft copies.
List all employees in the circulation history of the document with id 1. List the employee's name.
List the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents. List the employee's name.
Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents. List the employee's name and the number of drafts and copies.
For each document, list the number of employees who have showed up in the circulation history of that document. List the document ids and number of employees.
