nl_question
How many accounts do we have?
Count the number of accounts.
Show all account ids and account details.
What are the ids and details of all accounts?
How many statements do we have?
Count the number of statements.
List all statement ids and statement details.
What are the ids and details of all statements?
Show statement id, statement detail, account detail for accounts.
What are the statement ids, statement details, and account details, for all accounts?
Show all statement id and the number of accounts for each statement.
What are the different statement ids on accounts, and the number of accounts for each?
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts.
What are the statement id and statement detail for the statement that has the most corresponding accounts?
Show the number of documents.
Count the number of documents.
List the document type code, document name, and document description for the document with name 'Noel CV' or name 'King Book'.
What are the type come, name, and description of the document that has either the name 'Noel CV' or 'King Book'?
Show the ids and names of all documents.
What are the ids and names for each of the documents?
Find names and ids of all documents with document type code BK.
What are the names and ids of documents that have the type code BK?
How many documents are with document type code BK for each product id?
Count the number of documents with the type code BK that correspond to each product id.
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project'.
What are the names and dates for documents corresponding to project that has the details 'Graph Database project'?
Show project ids and the number of documents in each project.
How many documents correspond with each project id?
What is the id of the project with least number of documents?
Return the id of the project that has the fewest corresponding documents.
Show the ids for projects with at least 2 documents.
What are project ids of projects that have 2 or more corresponding documents?
List document type codes and the number of documents in each code.
How many documents are there of each type?
What is the document type code with most number of documents?
Return the code of the document type that is most common.
Show the document type code with fewer than 3 documents.
What are the codes corresponding to document types for which there are less than 3 documents?
Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project'.
What are the details for statements with the details 'Private Project', and what are the names of the corresponding documents?
Show all document type codes, document type names, document type descriptions.
What are the codes, names, and descriptions of the different document types?
What is the document type description for document type named Film?
Return the description of the document type name 'Film'.
What is the document type name and the document type description and creation date for all the documents?
Return the type name, type description, and date of creation for each document.
Show the number of projects.
How many projects are there?
List ids and details for all projects.
What are the ids and details for each project?
What is the project id and detail for the project with at least two documents?
Return the ids and details corresponding to projects for which there are more than two documents.
What is the project detail for the project with document "King Book"?
Give the details of the project with the document name 'King Book'.
How many budget types do we have?
Count the number of budget codes.
List all budget type codes and descriptions.
What are the type codes and descriptions of each budget type?
What is the description for the budget type with code ORG?
Return the description of the budget type that has the code ORG.
How many documents have expenses?
Count the number of documents with expenses.
What are the document ids for the budget type code 'SF'?
Give the ids of documents with expenses that have the budget code 'SF'.
Show the budget type code and description and the corresponding document id.
Return the budget type codes, budget type descriptions and document ids for documents with expenses.
Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government'.
Give the ids for documents that have the budget description 'Government'.
Show budget type codes and the number of documents in each budget type.
What are the different budget type codes, and how many documents are there for each?
What is the budget type code with most number of documents.
Give the budget type code that is most common among documents with expenses.
What are the ids of documents which don't have expense budgets?
Return the ids of documents that do not have expenses.
Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets.
What are the ids of documents with the type code CV that do not have expenses.
What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
Give the ids of documents that have expenses and contain the letter s in their names.
How many documents do not have any expense?
Count the number of documents that do not have expenses.
What are the dates for the documents with both 'GV' type and 'SF' type expenses?
Give the dates of creation for documents that have both budget type codes 'GV' and 'SF'.
What are the account details with the largest value or with value having char '5' in it?
Return the account details with the greatest value, as well as those that include the character 5.
