nl_question
How many available hotels are there in total?
Find the total number of available hotels.
What are the price ranges of hotels?
Tell me the price ranges for all the hotels.
Show all distinct location names.
What are the distinct location names?
Show the names and details of all the staff members.
What is the name and detail of each staff member?
Show details of all visitors.
What is the detail of each visitor?
Show the price ranges of hotels with 5 star ratings.
What are the price ranges of five star hotels?
Show the average price range of hotels that have 5 star ratings and allow pets.
What is the average price range of five star hotels that allow pets?
What is the address of the location "UK Gallery"?
Find the address of the location named "UK Gallery".
What is the detail of the location UK Gallery?
Return the detail of the location named "UK Gallery".
Which location names contain the word "film"?
Find all the locations whose names contain the word "film".
How many distinct names are associated with all the photos?
Count the number of distinct names associated with the photos.
What are the distinct visit dates?
Find all the distinct visit dates.
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus?
Which tourist attractions can we get to by bus? Tell me the names of the attractions.
What are the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk?
Find the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that we get to by bus or walk.
What are the star rating descriptions of the hotels with price above 10000?
Give me the star rating descriptions of the hotels that cost more than 10000.
What are the details and opening hours of the museums?
Give me the detail and opening hour for each museum.
What is the name of the tourist attraction that is associated with the photo "game1"?
Which tourist attraction is associated with the photo "game1"? Return its name.
What are the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction "film festival"?
Find the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction called "film festival".
What are the details and ways to get to tourist attractions related to royal family?
Which tourist attractions are related to royal family? Tell me their details and how we can get there.
What are the details of the shops that can be accessed by walk?
Find the details of the shops that can be reached by walk.
What is the name of the staff that is in charge of the attraction named "US museum"?
Tell me the name of the staff in charge of the attraction called "US museum".
What are the details of the markets that can be accessed by walk or bus?
Find the details of all the markets that are accessible by walk or bus.
What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent'?
Find the visit date and details of the tourist whose detail is 'Vincent'
Which tourist attractions does the visitor with detail 'Vincent' visit?
Show the tourist attractions visited by the tourist whose detail is 'Vincent'.
What are the names of the tourist attractions and the dates when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there?
For each tourist attraction, return its name and the date when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there.
Show the average price of hotels for each star rating code.
What is the average price range of hotels for each each star rating code?
Show the average price of hotels for different pet policy.
What are the average prices of hotels grouped by their pet policy.
Show the id and star rating of each hotel, ordered by its price from low to high.
Find the id and star rating of each hotel and sort them in increasing order of price.
Show the details of the top 3 most expensive hotels.
What are the details of the three most expensive hotels?
Show the details and star ratings of the 3 least expensive hotels.
What are the details and star ratings of the three hotels with the lowest price ranges?
Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions.
Which transportation method is used the most often to get to tourist attractions?
Show the description and code of the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to.
Which attraction type does the most tourist attractions belong to? Tell me its  attraction type description and code.
Show different ways to get to attractions and the number of attractions that can be accessed in the corresponding way.
List all the possible ways to get to attractions, together with the number of attractions accessible by these methods.
Show different tourist attractions' names, ids, and the corresponding number of visits.
What are the name, id and the corresponding number of visits for each  tourist attraction?
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at least two times.
Which tourist attractions are visited at least twice? Give me their names and ids.
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at most once.
What are the names and ids of the tourist attractions that are visited at most once?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by walk or is at address 660 Shea Crescent?
Find the names of the tourist attractions that is either accessible by walk or at address 660 Shea Crescent.
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details?
Find the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details. What are the names of the attractions?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or is at address 254 Ottilie Junction?
Find the names of the tourist attractions that is either accessible by bus or at address 254 Ottilie Junction.
What are the names of the tourist attractions Vincent and Marcelle visit?
Which tourist attractions do the tourists Vincent and Marcelle visit? Tell me the names of the attractions.
What are the names of tourist attraction that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit?
Find the the names of the tourist attractions that the tourist named Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit.
How many tourists did not make any visit?
Count the number of tourists who did not visit any place.
