nl_question
How many bookings do we have?
Count the total number of bookings made.
List the order dates of all the bookings.
What is the order date of each booking?
Show all the planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates of bookings.
What are the planned delivery date and actual delivery date for each booking?
How many customers do we have?
Count the number of customers recorded.
What are the phone and email for customer Harold?
Find the phone number and email address of customer "Harold".
Show all the Store_Name of drama workshop groups.
What are the store names of drama workshop groups?
Show the minimum, average, maximum order quantity of all invoices.
What are the minimum, average, and maximum quantities ordered? Check all the invoices.
What are the distinct payment method codes in all the invoices?
Show me the distinct payment method codes from the invoice record.
What is the description of the marketing region China?
Find the marketing region description of China?
Show all the distinct product names with price higher than the average.
What are the distinct names of the products that cost more than the average?
What is the name of the most expensive product?
Tell me the name of the most pricy product.
List all product names in ascending order of price.
Sort the names of products in ascending order of their price.
What is the phone number of the performer Ashley?
Find the phone number of performer "Ashley".
Show all payment method codes and the number of orders for each code.
List the distinct payment method codes with the number of orders made
What is the payment method code used by the most orders?
Find the payment method that is used the most often in all the invoices. Give me its code.
Which city is the address of the store named "FJA Filming" located in?
Find the city the store named "FJA Filming" is in.
What are the states or counties of the address of the stores with marketing region code "CA"?
Find the states or counties where the stores with marketing region code "CA" are located.
What is the name of the marketing region that the store Rob Dinning belongs to?
Return the name of the marketing region the store Rob Dinning is located in.
What are the descriptions of the service types with product price above 100?
Give me the descriptions of the service types that cost more than 100.
What is the description, code and the corresponding count of each service type?
List the description, code and the number of services for each service type.
What is the description and code of the type of service that is performed the most often?
Find the description and code of the service type that is performed the most times.
What are the phones and emails of workshop groups in which services are performed?
Give me all the phone numbers and email addresses of the workshop groups where services are performed.
What are the names of workshop groups in which services with product name "film" are performed?
Find the names of the workshop groups where services with product name "film" are performed.
What are the different product names? What is the average product price for each of them?
For each distinct product name, show its average product price.
What are the product names with average product price smaller than 1000000?
Find the product names whose average product price is below 1000000.
What are the total order quantities of photo products?
Compute the total order quantities of the product "photo".
What are the order details of the products with price higher than 2000?
Find the order detail for the products with price above 2000.
What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1?
List the actual delivery date for all the orders with quantity 1
What are the order dates of orders with price higher than 1000?
Find the order dates of the orders with price above 1000.
How many distinct currency codes are there for all drama workshop groups?
Find the number of distinct currency codes used in drama workshop groups.
What are the names of the drama workshop groups with address in Feliciaberg city?
Return the the names of the drama workshop groups that are located in Feliciaberg city.
What are the email addresses of the drama workshop groups with address in Alaska state?
List the email addresses of the drama workshop groups located in Alaska state.
Show all cities along with the number of drama workshop groups in each city.
How many drama workshop groups are there in each city? Return both the city and the count.
What is the marketing region code that has the most drama workshop groups?
Which marketing region has the most drama workshop groups? Give me the region code.
Show all cities where at least one customer lives in but no performer lives in.
Which cities have at least one customer but no performer?
What is the most frequent status of bookings?
Which status code is the most common of all the bookings?
What are the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code "stop"?
Which workshop groups have bookings with status code "stop"? Give me the names.
Show the names of all the clients with no booking.
What are the names of the clients who do not have any booking?
What is the average quantities ordered with payment method code "MasterCard" on invoices?
Check the invoices record and compute the average quantities ordered with the payment method "MasterCard".
What is the product ID of the most frequently ordered item on invoices?
Find the id of the product ordered the most often on invoices.
What is the description of the service type which offers both the photo product and the film product?
Give me the description of the service type that offers not only the photo product but also the film product.
