nl_question
List all collections' subset. List the subsets' names.
What are the collection susbset names?
What is detail of collection subset with name 'Top collection'?
What collection details are there on the subset named 'Top collection'?
List all documents's subset. List the subset's name.
What are the document subset names?
What is the detail of document subset with name 'Best for 2000'?
What are the details on the document subsets that are named 'Best for 2000'?
List document id of all documents.
What is the object id of the document objects?
What is the parent document of document owned by Marlin? List the document id.
What are the document object ids of the objects owned by Marlin?
What is the owner of document with the Description 'Braeden Collection'?
What are the owners of the document objects described as the 'Braeden Collection'?
What is the owner of the parent document of document owned by 'Marlin'?
Who is the owner of the parent document of every documents where 'Marlin' is the owner?
What are the different descriptions of all the parent documents?
What is the unique description of every parent document?
How many documents owned by Marlin?
What is the count of documents owned by Marlin?
List all documents ids that are not the parent of other documents.
What are the ids of the documents that are not parent documents?
How many child documents does each parent document has? List the document id and the number.
What is the number of child documents for each parent document, and what are the ids of the parent documents?
List the name of all collections.
what are the collection names?
What is the description of collection named Best?
What are the collection descriptions that are named as 'Best'?
What is the name of the parent collection of the collection named Nice?
What are the names of all parent collections of the collection named Nice?
Which collection is not the parent of other collection? List the collection's name.
What are the names of the collections that are not the parent of the other collections?
List document that have more than one child. List the document id.
What are the ids of the documents that have more than one child?
How many child collection does the collection named Best has?
What is the number of child collections belonging to the collection named Best?
List all document which is related to document owned by Ransom . List the document id .
What are the document object ids of the related to the document owned by Ransom ?
List collection subset id, name and number of collections in each subset.
What are the collection subset ids, names, and number of collections for each subset?
Which document has most of child? List the document id and the number of child.
For each document object id, how many children do they have?
Which document has least number of related documents? List the document id and the number of related documents.
What is the document object id with the least number of documents ?
Which document has between 2 and 4 number of documents ? List the document id and the number of related documents .
What are the ids of the dcouments that have between 2 and 4 related documents and how many related items are there?
List all owner of documents that is related to documents owned by Braeden.
What are the different owners of documents that are related to ones owned by Braeden?
Which unique subset does document owned by Braeden belong to? List the subset name.
What are the different subset names of all documents owned by Braeden?
List subset id, name and number of different documents in each subset.
What is the subset id, name, and number of different documents for each subset?
Which document subset has most of number of distinct documents ? List subset id , name and number of documents .
For the document subset with the most number of different documents , what are the ids and names of the subset , as well as the number of documents ?
For document subset named 'Best for 2000', List all document id that in this subset.
For the document subset named 'Best for 2000', what are the document ids in that subset?
List all document subsets of documents that related to each document id. List the name of document subset and the document id.
What are the different subsets of documents related to each document id , list the name of the document subset and id of the actual document ?
List the Collection Name that document owned by 'Ransom ' belong to .
What is the collection name of a document owned by 'Ransom'?
How many collections does each document belong to? List the count and the document id.
For each document object id, how many collections does it belong to?
How many documents does collection named 'Best' has?
What is the number of documents in the collection named 'Best'?
List the document id of all documents in collection named Best.
What is the number of document object ids in the collection named Best?
Which collection have most number of documents? List collection name, id and number of documents.
For ever collection named 'Best', what is the name and id of the one with the most documents, and how many documents does it have?
List id of documents that in document subset Best for 2000 and collection named Best.
What are the different document object ids in the subset named 'Best for 2000' and in the collection named 'Best'?
List id of documents that in collection named Best but not in document subset Best for 2000.
What are the different document object ids that are in the collection named Best but not in the subset named 'Best for 2000'?
List id of documents that in document subset Best for 2000 or in collection named Best.
What are the different document ids that are in the subset named 'Best for 2000' or in the collection named 'Best'?
List all name of collections that are related to collection named Best.
What are the names of the collections that are related to the collection named Best?
How many collections that are related to collection named Best?
How many different collections are related to the one named 'Best'?
Which collection subset does collection name Best in? List collection subset name.
What are the collection subsets that the collection named 'Best' in?
