nl_question
What is the average amount of a student loan?
Compute the average amount of student loans.
List the biographical data and student id for the students who take 2 or more classes and the students who have less than 2 detentions.
What are the biographical data and student id of the students who either took two or more classes and or have less than two detentions?
List the details of the teachers who teach some class whose detail has the substring 'data' but do not teach a class whose detail contains the prefix 'net'
Which teachers teach a class that has the substring 'data' in its detail but do not teach a class that has prefix 'net' in its detail? Give me the teacher details.
List the biographical data of the students who never had a detention or student loan .
Which students never had a detention or student loan ? Find their biographical data .
What are the loan amounts and loan dates of the students who have at least 2 achievements?
List the amount and date of loan for the students who have two or more achievements.
List the detail and id of the teacher who teaches the most courses.
What are the detail and id of the teacher who teaches the largest number of courses?
What are the distinct descriptions of all the detentions which have ever happened?
Return the distinct descriptions of all the detentions that have happened.
List the personal details and the address type descriptions of all the students.
What are the personal details and the address type descriptions of each student?
List the the address details and the biographical information of the students.
What are the address details and biographical information of each student?
List the biographical data and the date of the transcript of all the students.
What are the biographical data and the date of transcript issuance of each student?
How many students got the most common result in the behavioral monitoring details? Also list the result details.
Find the most common result in the behavioral monitoring details. What are the count and the details of this result?
Which students not only got the most common result but also got a result obtained by 3 students in behaviour monitoring? List the student's biographical data and details.
Find the biographical data and details of students who got not only the most common result but also a result that is obtained by 3 students in behaviour monitoring.
Which students only got the most common result for his or her all behaviour monitoring details? List the students' biographical information.
What is the biographical information of the students who got the most common result for their behaviour monitoring details ?
Which students have gone through any event? List the students' biographical data and event date.
Find the biographical data and event date for students who participated in any events.
How many students have joined in the most common type of event? List the number, the event type and description.
What is the type of event the most students joined? Give me the number of students, and the event type code and description.
How are all the achievements described? List the achievement detail and the type description.
What are the achievement detail and the type description of each achievements?
How many teachers have taught a student who has not won any achievements?
Count the number of teachers who have taught students who have never won an achievement.
List the date of the transcripts and the transcript details.
What are the date and detail of each transcript?
List the achievement type code, achievement details and the date of the achievements.
What are the type code, details, and date of each achievement?
Show the detention start time and end time of the detentions.
What are the starting time and ending time of each detention record?
Show the biographical information of the students whose details include the substring 'Suite'.
Which students have 'Suite' as a substring in their details? Give me their biographical information.
List the details for all the pairs of teachers and students who are in the same class.
What are the pairs of teachers and students who are in the same class? Give me the pairs of their details.
How many courses do teachers teach at most? Also find the id of the teacher who teaches the most.
Which teacher teaches the most courses? Give me the id of the teacher and the number of courses he or she teaches.
How many courses do students take at most? Also find the id of the student who takes the most courses.
Which student is taking the most courses? Give me the id of the student and the number of courses he or she is taking.
Which students take 2 courses? List student id and details.
What are the ids and details of the students who take 2 courses?
What is the least common detention type? Show the type code and the description.
Give me the type code and description of the least common detention type.
Which students have a student loan more than the average amount? List the students' biographical data and the details.
Find the biographical data and details for students whose student loan is above the average amount.
When was the earliest date of loan?
Return the earliest date of loan in the record.
Which student has the loan with the minimum value? List the student's biographical information.
Find the biographical information of the student with the smallest student loan.
When was the transcript issued for the student with loan of maximum value?
What is the transcript issuance date for the student with the largest amount of loan?
Which teachers have taught the student with the earliest transcript issuance? List the teacher details.
Find the details of the teachers who have taught the student with the earliest transcript issuance.
How much total loan does each student have ? List the student ids and the amounts .
For each student, find the student id and the total amount of loan he or she has.
How many courses does each student take? List the student id, the student biographical data and the course count.
For each student, find the student id, student biographical data, and the number of courses he or she takes.
How many students have gone through a detention?
Count the number of students who have a detention record.
What is the code and description of the most common student address type?
What is the most common student address type? Give me the code and description of the address type.
For those students who have gone through an event, who do not have a student loan? List the students' biographical data
Among the students who have an event record, who do not have a student loan? Return the students' biographical data.
List the start time and the end time of the students' addresses for the students who have 2 transcripts.
What are the start time and end time of addresses for the students who receive 2 transcripts?
When did all the detentions start?
Give me the detention start date for all the detention records.
