nl_question
How many documents do we have?
Count the number of documents.
List document IDs, document names, and document descriptions for all documents.
What are the ids, names, and descriptions for all documents?
What is the document name and template id for document with description with the letter 'w' in it?
Return the names and template ids for documents that contain the letter w in their description.
What is the document id, template id and description for document named "Robbin CV"?
Return the document id, template id, and description for the document with the name Robbin CV.
How many different templates do all document use?
Count the number of different templates used for documents.
How many documents are using the template with type code 'PPT'?
Count the number of documents that use the PPT template type.
Show all template ids and number of documents using each template.
What are all different template ids used for documents, and how many times were each of them used?
What is the id and type code for the template used by the most documents?
Return the id and type code of the template that is used for the greatest number of documents.
Show ids for all templates that are used by more than one document.
What are the template ids of any templates used in more than a single document?
Show ids for all templates not used by any document.
What are the ids for templates that are not used in any documents?
How many templates do we have?
Count the number of templates.
Show template ids, version numbers, and template type codes for all templates.
What are the ids, version numbers, and type codes for each template?
Show all distinct template type codes for all templates.
What are the different template type codes?
What are the ids of templates with template type code PP or PPT?
Return the ids of templates that have the code PP or PPT.
How many templates have template type code CV?
Count the number of templates of the type CV.
What is the version number and template type code for the template with version number later than 5?
Return the version numbers and template type codes of templates with a version number greater than 5.
Show all template type codes and number of templates for each.
What are the different template type codes, and how many templates correspond to each?
Which template type code has most number of templates?
Return the type code of the template type that the most templates belong to.
Show all template type codes with less than three templates.
What are the codes of template types that have fewer than 3 templates?
What the smallest version number and its template type code?
Return the lowest version number, along with its corresponding template type code.
What is the template type code of the template used by document with the name "Data base"?
Return the template type code of the template that is used by a document named Data base.
Show all document names using templates with template type code BK.
What are the names of documents that use templates with the code BK?
Show all template type codes and the number of documents using each type.
What are the different template type codes, and how many documents use each type?
Which template type code is used by most number of documents?
Return the code of the template type that is most commonly used in documents.
Show all template type codes that are not used by any document.
What are the codes of template types that are not used for any document?
Show all template type codes and descriptions.
What are the type codes and descriptions for all template types?
What is the template type descriptions for template type code "AD".
Return the template type description of the template type with the code AD.
What is the template type code for template type description "Book".
Return the type code of the template type with the description "Book".
What are the distinct template type descriptions for the templates ever used by any document?
Return the different descriptions for templates that have been used in a document.
What are the template ids with template type description "Presentation".
Return the ids corresponding to templates with the description 'Presentation'.
How many paragraphs in total?
Count the number of paragraphs.
How many paragraphs for the document with name 'Summer Show'?
Count the number of paragraphs in the document named 'Summer Show'.
Show paragraph details for paragraph with text 'Korea ' .
What are the details for the paragraph that includes the text 'Korea ' ?
Show all paragraph ids and texts for the document with name 'Welcome to NY'.
What are the ids and texts of paragraphs in the document titled 'Welcome to NY'?
Show all paragraph texts for the document "Customer reviews".
What are the paragraph texts for the document with the name 'Customer reviews'?
Show all document ids and the number of paragraphs in each document. Order by document id.
Return the different document ids along with the number of paragraphs corresponding to each, ordered by id.
Show all document ids, names and the number of paragraphs in each document.
What are the ids and names of each document, as well as the number of paragraphs in each?
List all document ids with at least two paragraphs.
What are the ids of documents that have 2 or more paragraphs?
What is the document id and name with greatest number of paragraphs?
Return the id and name of the document with the most paragraphs.
What is the document id with least number of paragraphs?
Return the id of the document with the fewest paragraphs.
What is the document id with 1 to 2 paragraphs?
Give the ids of documents that have between one and two paragraphs.
Show the document id with paragraph text 'Brazil' and 'Ireland'.
What are the ids of documents that contain the paragraph text 'Brazil' and 'Ireland'?
