nl_question
How many authors do we have?
Show all author names.
Show the names and other details for all authors.
Show the other details for the author Addison Denesik.
Show the number of documents.
Who is the author of the document with id 4?
Who is the author of the document "Travel to Brazil"?
How many documents does has the author Era Kerluke written?
Show the names and descriptions for all documents.
Show the ids and names for all documents by author Bianka Cummings.
Show the author name and details for the document "Travel to China".
Show all author names and number of documents corresponding to each.
What is the name of the author with most number of documents?
Show the names for authors with at least two documents.
How many business processes do we have?
Show the next process id, process name, process description for process with id 9.
What is the process name for the next process of the process with id 9?
Show the number of process outcomes.
List the codes and descriptions for all process outcomes.
What is the description for the process outcome code working?
Show the number of process status.
List the codes and descriptions for all process status.
What is the description for process status code ct?
How many staff do we have?
Show the ids and details for all staff.
What are the details for the staff member with id 100.
Show the number of staff roles.
List the codes and descriptions for all staff roles.
What is the description for staff role code HR?
How many documents have a process?
List all process ids with a document.
Show all document ids without a process.
List all process ids with no document.
What is the process outcome description and process status description for the document with id 0?
What is the process name for the document "Travel to Brazil"?
Show all process ids and the number of documents in each process.
How many staff are the document with id 0 and process with id 9.
Show all staff ids and the number of document processes for each staff.
Show all staff role codes and the number of document processes for each role.
How many different roles does the staff with id 3 have?
