nl_question
How many calendar items do we have?
Count the number of all the calendar items.
Show all calendar dates and day Numbers.
What are all the calendar dates and day Numbers?
Show the number of document types.
How many document types are there?
List all document type codes and document type names.
What are all the document type codes and document type names?
What is the name and description for document type code RV?
Give me the name and description of the document type code RV.
What is the document type code for document type "Paper"?
Find the code of the document type "Paper".
Show the number of documents with document type code CV or BK.
How many documents have document type code CV or BK?
What is the date when the document "Marry CV" was stored?
When was the document named "Marry CV" stored? Give me the date.
What is the day Number and date of all the documents?
Return the day Number and stored date for all the documents.
What is the document type name for the document with name "How to read a book"?
Find the document type name of the document named "How to read a book".
Show the number of locations.
How many locations are listed in the database?
List all location codes and location names.
What are all the location codes and location names?
What are the name and description for location code x?
Give me the name and description of the location with code x.
What is the location code for the country "Canada"?
Show the location code of the country "Canada".
How many roles are there?
Count the total number of roles listed.
List all role codes, role names, and role descriptions.
What are all the role codes, role names, and role descriptions?
What are the name and description for role code "MG"?
Find the name and description of the role with code "MG".
Show the description for role name "Proof Reader".
What is the description of the role named "Proof Reader"?
How many employees do we have?
Find the number of employees we have.
Show the name, role code, and date of birth for the employee with name 'Armani'.
What are the name, role code, and date of birth of the employee named 'Armani'?
What is the id for the employee called Ebba?
Show the id of the employee named Ebba.
Show the names of all the employees with role "HR".
Which employees have the role with code "HR"? Find their names.
Show all role codes and the number of employees in each role.
What is the code of each role and the number of employees in each role?
What is the role code with the largest number of employees?
Find the code of the role that have the most employees.
Show all role codes with at least 3 employees.
What are the roles with three or more employees? Give me the role codes.
Show the role code with the least employees.
What is the role with the smallest number of employees? Find the role codes.
What is the role name and role description for employee called Ebba?
Show the name and description of the role played by the employee named Ebba.
Show the names of employees with role name Editor.
Find the names of all the employees whose the role name is "Editor".
Show the employee ids for all employees with role name "Human Resource" or "Manager".
What are the employee ids of the employees whose role name is "Human Resource" or "Manager"?
What are the different location codes for documents?
Give me all the distinct location codes for documents.
Show the location name for document "Robin CV".
What is the location name of the document "Robin CV"?
Show the location code, the starting date and ending data in that location for all the documents.
What are each document's location code, and starting date and ending data in that location?
What is "the date in location from" and "the date in location to" for the document with name "Robin CV"?
Find the starting date and ending data in location for the document named "Robin CV".
Show the location codes and the number of documents in each location.
What is the code of each location and the number of documents in that location?
What is the location code with the most documents?
Find the code of the location with the largest number of documents.
Show the location codes with at least 3 documents.
What are the codes of the locations with at least three documents?
Show the location name and code with the least documents.
What are the name and code of the location with the smallest number of documents?
What are the names of the employees who authorised the destruction and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents?
List the names of the employees who authorized the destruction of documents and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents.
Show the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee.
What are the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee?
Show the employee ids and the number of documents destroyed by each employee.
What are the id of each employee and the number of document destroyed by that employee?
Show the ids of the employees who don't authorize destruction for any document.
Which employees do not authorize destruction for any document? Give me their employee ids.
Show the ids of all employees who have authorized destruction.
What are the ids of all the employees who authorize document destruction?
Show the ids of all employees who have destroyed a document.
What are the ids of all the employees who have destroyed documents?
Show the ids of all employees who don't destroy any document.
Which employees do not destroy any document? Find their employee ids.
Show the ids of all employees who have either destroyed a document or made an authorization to do this.
Which employees have either destroyed a document or made an authorization to do so? Return their employee ids.
