nl_question
Please list the names of the courses that are less important than Machine Learning Theory.
Please list the full names of all the students who took the course Machine Learning Theory.
Among the students who took the course Machine Learning Theory, how many of them are undergraduates?
Which professor advised Willie Rechert to work as a research assistant? Please give his or her full name.
What is the average satisfying degree of the course Machine Learning Theory?
Which student has the highest gpa? Give the full name.
For the 3-credit course with the easiest difficulty, how many students get an "A" in that course?
How many students took the hardest course?
For the professor who is working with Harrietta Lydford, how is his popularity?
For the professors who advise more than 2 students, which professor has a higher teaching ability? Give the full name.
How many courses does Alvera McQuillin take?
Give the phone number of the only student who obtained "A" in the course "Intro to BlockChain".
What is the percentage of Professor Ogdon Zywicki's research assistants are taught postgraduate students?
How many courses have the highest difficulty?
Among the most important courses, what is the name of the most difficult course?
How many students have the highest intelligence among those taking a bachelor's degree?
Among the most popular professors, how many are females?
How many students got an A in Applied Deep Learning?
Among the easiest courses, what is the name of the course where most students got an A?
How many courses does the student with the highest GPA this semester take?
What is the name of the course with the highest satisfaction from students?
What are the names of the courses that the students with the lowest intelligence are least satisfied with?
Which of the two courses, "Advanced Operating System" or "Intro to BlockChain', did most of the students receive an A in?
What is the average number of students who registered for the courses with a difficulty of 4?
How many students, who have a GPA between 3 to 4, failed a course?
What is the average GPA of the students with the highest research capability and high salary? List the full names of the students.
List the professors' IDs and students' IDs with the lowest research ability.
List the courses' IDs and students' IDs who failed to pass the course.
Describe the names and credits of the least difficult courses.
Describe the students' full names and grades in Intro to BlockChain course.
Describe the full names and graduated universities of the professors who advised Olia Rabier.
Name the students of the Advanced Database Systems course with the highest satisfaction.
Describe the full names, emails and intelligence of the students with the highest capability and salary.
What is the name of the most difficult course?
Among the students with a gpa of 3.1 to 3.7, how many of them are undergraduate students?
Give the student's last name that gave the highest student satisfaction for the course "Intro to Database 2".
Among undergraduate students, list the name of the course with the highest student satisfaction.
List the capability of research postgraduate students with an intellegence level of 4 and above.
In students with a grade of B, how many of them have an intellegence level of 3?
List the course's name where students acquired a grade of D.
What is the capability on research of the student named Alvera McQuillin?
Find the most important and most difficult courses.
What is the average teaching ability of the most popular professors?
Name the students with above-average capability.
What is the average capability of students with less than a 2.5 GPA?
List the full name of the professors who advised students with intelligence 1.
Calculate the difference between the average satisfaction of the students with high salaries and no salary.
Among the professors with more than average teaching ability, list the full name and email address of the professors who advise two or more students.
What is the first and last name of students with highest gpa?
What is the salary range of the student with an email of grosellg@hku.hk?
Among research postgraduate students, give the name of the course with the student satisfaction value of 1.
Among the students with a capability below 3, what is the difference of undergraduate students from research postgraduate students?
How many professors are more popular than Zhou Zhihua?
Please list the full names of all the students who are research assistants with the highest research capability.
Among the students who got a B in the course Machine Learning Theory, how many of them have a gpa of over 3?
Please list the names of the courses taken by Laughton Antonio.
Which student failed the course Intro to Database 2? Please give his or her full name.
Which student is more satisfied with the course Machine Learning Theory, Willie Rechert or Laughton Antonio?
Among the professors who have more than 3 research assistants, how many of them are male?
What is the average gpa of Ogdon Zywicki's research assistants?
Give the number of research postgraduate students.
Which professor is Oliy Spratling working with? Give the full name.
How many research assistants does the female professor with the lowest teaching ability have?
What is the full name of the professor who graduated from an Ivy League School?
How many research postgraduate students are there?
What are the GPAs of the unpaid Research Assistants?
How many students does Ogdon Zywicki advise?
Name the professor who got graduation from the University of Boston.
List the research assistants' full names, capabilities and GPAs who were under the supervision of Merwyn Conkay.
How many of the professors are female?
What is the credit of the course named "Computer Vision"?
Among the students with high salary, what is total number of students with a GPA higher than 3?
Calculate the average satisfaction of the good students with their courses.
What percentage of students are highly satisfied with the Intro to Database 2 course?
List the student's first and last name that got a C in the course named "Applied Deep Learning".
What is the percentage of students who get a "B" in the course "Computer Network"?
Provide the full names and emails of unpaid research assistants.
Among students registered for the most difficult course, list the students' full names who got grade A.
What is the difficulty of the course in which a student with level of intellengence of 5 got an A grade?
Of courses with 3 credit, how many students have GPA of 3.2?
Give the full name and capability of students who failed in any courses.
How many research assistants does Sauveur Skyme have?
Who were the students who failed the course "Applied Deep Learning"? Give the full name.
Among students with low salary, how many of them have a gpa of 3.5?
