nl_question
How many addresses do we have?
Count the number of addresses.
List all address ids and address details.
What are all the address ids and address details?
How many products do we have?
Count the number of products.
Show all product ids, product type codes, and product name.
What are the ids, type codes, and names for all products?
What is the price for the product with name Monitor?
Give the price of the Monitor product.
Show the minimum, average, maximum price for all products.
What are the minimum, average, and maximum prices across all products?
What is the average price for products with type Clothes?
Return the average price of Clothes.
How many hardware type products do we have?
Count the number of products of the type Hardware.
Show all product names with price higher than the average.
What are the names of products that have a price above the average for all products.
Show all hardware product names with price higher than the average price of hardware type products.
What are the names of Hardware product with prices above the average price of Hardware products.
What is the name of the most expensive product with type Clothes?
Give the name of the most expensive Clothes product.
What is the product id and product name for the cheapest Hardware type product?
Give the id and name of the cheapest Hardware product.
List all product names in descending order of price.
What are the names of the products, sorted by descending price?
Show all hardware type products in ascending order of price.
What are the names of all Hardware products, sorted by price ascending?
List all product type codes and the number of products in each type.
How many products are there for each product type?
Show all product type codes and the average price for each type.
What is the average price of products for each product type?
What are the product type code with at least two products?
Give the product type codes of product types that have two or more products.
What is the product type code with most number of products?
What is the most frequent product type code?
How many customers do we have?
Count the number of customers.
Show all customer ids and customer names.
What are the ids and names of all customers?
What is the customer address, customer phone, and customer email for Jeromy?
Give the address, phone, and email for customers with the name Jeromy.
Show all payment method codes and the number of customers in each code.
How many customers use each payment method?
What is the payment method code used by most number of customers?
Give the code of the payment method that is most commonly used.
Show all customer names with the  payment method code used by least number of customers.
What are the names of customers who use the least common payment method?
What is the payment method and customer number for customer named Jeromy?
Give the payment method code and customer number corresponding to the customer named Jeromy.
What are the distinct payment methods used by customers?
Give the different payment method codes that customers use.
Show the id and the product type for all products, order by product name.
What are the ids and product types for all products, sorted alphabetically by product name?
What is the product type with least number of products?
What is the code of the product type that is least common?
How many customer orders do we have?
Count the number of customer orders.
Show the order ids, order dates, and order status codes for all orders by customer Jeromy.
What were the ids, dates, and status codes for orders made by Jeromy?
Show all customer names, ids and the number of orders by each customer.
What are the names, ids, and number of orders made for each customer?
What is the customer id, name, phone, and email for the customer with most orders?
Give the id, name, phone, and email corresponding to the customer who made the most orders.
Show all order status and the number of orders in each status.
How many orders have each order status code?
What is the order status code that is most common?
Give the order status code that is most frequent across customer orders.
How many customers do not have an order?
Count the number of customers who have not made an order.
Show all product names without an order.
What are the names of products that have not been ordered?
How many products named Monitor have been ordered?
What is the total number of Monitor products that have been ordered?
How many customers have ordered the product named Monitor?
Count the number of different customers who have bought a Monitor Product.
How many customers have an order?
Count the number of differnt customers who have made an order.
Show all customer ids without an order.
What are the ids of customers who have not made an order?
Show all the order dates and ids of the orders with quantity of any product larger than 6 or with more than 3 products.
What are the order ids and corresponding order dates for orders with a quantity greater than 6 or consisting of more than 3 products?
