nl_question
How many accounts do we have?
Count the number of accounts.
Show ids, customer ids, names for all accounts.
What are the account ids, customer ids, and account names for all the accounts?
Show other account details for account with name 338.
What are the other account details for the account with the name 338?
What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with account name 162?
Give the full name and phone of the customer who has the account name 162.
How many accounts does the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte have?
Return the number of accounts that the customer with the first name Art and last name Turcotte has.
Show all customer ids and the number of accounts for each customer.
How many accounts are there for each customer id?
Show the customer id and number of accounts with most accounts.
What is the customer id of the customer with the most accounts, and how many accounts does this person have?
What is the customer first, last name and id with least number of accounts.
Give the full name and customer id of the customer with the fewest accounts.
Show the number of all customers without an account.
How many customers do not have an account?
Show the first names and last names of customers without any account.
What are the full names of customers who do not have any accounts?
Show distinct first and last names for all customers with an account.
What are the full names of customers who have accounts?
How many customers have an account?
Count the number of customers who hold an account.
How many customers do we have?
Count the number of customers.
Show ids, first names, last names, and phones for all customers.
What are the ids, full names, and phones of each customer?
What is the phone and email for customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest?
Return the phone and email of the customer with the first name Aniyah and last name Feest.
Show the number of customer cards.
How many customer cards are there?
Show ids, customer ids, card type codes, card numbers for all cards.
What are card ids, customer ids, card types, and card numbers for each customer card?
Show the date valid from and the date valid to for the card with card number '4560596484842'.
What are the valid from and valid to dates for the card with the number 4560596484842?
What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with card 4560596484842.
Return the full name and phone of the customer who has card number 4560596484842.
How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have?
Count the number of cards the customer with the first name Art and last name Turcotte has.
How many debit cards do we have?
Count the number of customer cards of the type Debit.
How many credit cards does customer Blanche Huels have?
Count the number of credit cards that the customer with first name Blanche and last name Huels has.
Show all customer ids and the number of cards owned by each customer.
What are the different customer ids, and how many cards does each one hold?
What is the customer id with most number of cards, and how many does he have?
Return the id of the customer who has the most cards, as well as the number of cards.
Show id, first and last names for all customers with at least two cards.
What are the ids and full names of customers who hold two or more cards?
What is the customer id, first and last name with least number of accounts.
Return the id and full name of the customer who has the fewest accounts.
Show all card type codes and the number of cards in each type.
What are the different card types, and how many cards are there of each?
What is the card type code with most number of cards?
Return the code of the card type that is most common.
Show card type codes with at least 5 cards.
What are the codes of card types that have 5 or more cards?
Show all card type codes and the number of customers holding cards in each type.
What are the different card type codes, and how many different customers hold each type?
Show the customer ids and firstname without a credit card.
What are the ids and first names of customers who do not hold a credit card?
Show all card type codes.
What are the different card type codes?
Show the number of card types.
How many different card types are there?
Show all transaction types.
What are the different types of transactions?
Show the number of transaction types.
How many different types of transactions are there?
What is the average and total transaction amount?
Return the average transaction amount, as well as the total amount of all transactions.
Show the card type codes and the number of transactions.
What are the different card types, and how many transactions have been made with each?
Show the transaction type and the number of transactions.
What are the different transaction types, and how many transactions of each have taken place?
What is the transaction type that has processed the greatest total amount in transactions?
Return the type of transaction with the highest total amount.
Show the account id and the number of transactions for each account
What are the different account ids that have made financial transactions, as well as how many transactions correspond to each?
