nl_question
Find the name of all customers.
What are the names of all the customers?
How many customers are there?
Return the total number of distinct customers.
What is the average amount of items ordered in each order?
Find the average order quantity per order.
What are the names of customers who use payment method "Cash"?
Which customers use "Cash" for payment method? Return the customer names.
Find the "date became customers" of the customers whose ID is between 10 and 20.
What are the dates when customers with ids between 10 and 20 became customers?
Which payment method is used by most customers?
Find the payment method that is used most frequently.
What are the names of customers using the most popular payment method?
Find the name of the customers who use the most frequently used payment method.
What are all the payment methods?
Return all the distinct payment methods used by customers.
What are the details of all products?
Return the the details of all products.
Find the name of all customers whose name contains "Alex".
Which customer's name contains "Alex"? Find the full name.
Find the detail of products whose detail contains the word "Latte" or the word "Americano"
Which product's detail contains the word "Latte" or "Americano"? Return the full detail.
What is the address content of the customer named "Maudie Kertzmann"?
Return the address content for the customer whose name is "Maudie Kertzmann".
How many customers are living in city "Lake Geovannyton"?
Find the number of customers who live in the city called Lake Geovannyton.
Find the name of customers who are living in Colorado?
What are the names of customers who live in Colorado state?
Find the list of cities that no customer is living in.
What are the cities no customers live in?
Which city has the most customers living in?
Find the city where the most customers live.
Retrieve the list of all cities.
List all the distinct cities
Find the city with post code 255.
Which city is post code 255 located in?
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4.
What are the state and country of all the cities that have post codes starting with 4.\
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed.
For which countries are there more than four distinct addresses listed?
List all the contact channel codes that were used less than 5 times.
Which contact channel codes were used less than 5 times?
Which contact channel has been used by the customer with name "Tillman Ernser"?
Find the contact channel code that was used by the customer named "Tillman Ernser".
What is the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by "Tillman Ernser"?
Return the the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by the customer named "Tillman Ernser".
What is the average time span of contact channels in the database?
Compute the average active time span of contact channels.
What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel that was active for the longest time?
Return the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel whose active duration was the longest.
Find the name and active date of the customer that use email as the contact channel.
What are the name and active date of the customers whose contact channel code is email?
What is the name of the customer that made the order with the largest quantity?
Find the name of the customer who made the order of the largest amount of goods.
What is the name of the customer that has purchased the most items?
Give me the name of the customer who ordered the most items in total.
What is the payment method of the customer that has purchased the least quantity of items?
Tell me the payment method used by the customer who ordered the least amount of goods in total.
How many types of products have Rodrick Heaney bought in total?
Find the number of distinct products Rodrick Heaney has bought so far.
What is the total quantity of products purchased by "Rodrick Heaney"?
Tell me the total quantity of products bought by the customer called "Rodrick Heaney".
How many customers have at least one order with status "Cancelled"?
Return the number of customers who have at least one order with "Cancelled" status.
How many orders have detail "Second time"?
Tell me the number of orders with "Second time" as order detail.
Find the customer name and date of the orders that have the status "Delivered".
What are the customer name and date of the orders whose status is "Delivered".
What is the total number of products that are in orders with status "Cancelled"?
Find the total quantity of products associated with the orders in the "Cancelled" status.
Find the total amount of products ordered before 2018-03-17 07:13:53.
What is the total amount of products purchased before 2018-03-17 07:13:53?
Who made the latest order?
Find the name of the customer who made an order most recently.
Which product has been ordered most number of times?
What is the most frequently ordered product? Tell me the detail of the product
Find the name and ID of the product whose total order quantity is the largest.
What are the name and ID of the product bought the most.
Find all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
What are all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
Find the name of customers who did not pay with Cash.
What is the name of customers who do not use Cash as payment method.
Find the names of customers who never ordered product Latte.
What are names of customers who never ordered product Latte.
Find the names of customers who never placed an order.
What are the names of customers who never made an order.
Find the names of customers who ordered both products Latte and Americano.
What are the names of customers who have purchased both products Latte and Americano?
