nl_question
How many customers are there?
Count the number of customers.
Find the emails and phone numbers of all the customers, ordered by email address and phone number.
What are the emails and phone numbers of all customers, sorted by email address and phone number?
Which city has the least number of customers whose type code is "Good Credit Rating"?
Return the city with the customer type code "Good Credit Rating" that had the fewest customers.
List the name of all products along with the number of complaints that they have received.
What are all the different product names, and how many complains has each received?
Find the emails of customers who has filed a complaints of the product with the most complaints.
What are the emails of customers who have filed complaints on the product which has had the greatest number of complaints?
Which products has been complained by the customer who has filed least amount of complaints?
Return the names of products that have had complaints filed by the customer who has filed the fewest complaints.
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint?
Return the phone number of the customer who filed the complaint that was raised most recently.
Find the email and phone number of the customers who have never filed a complaint before.
What are the emails and phone numbers of custoemrs who have never filed a complaint?
Find the phone number of all the customers and staff.
What are the phone numbers of all customers and all staff members?
What is the description of the product named "Chocolate"?
Return the description of the product called "Chocolate".
Find the name and category of the most expensive product.
What is the name and category code of the product with the highest price?
Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint.
What are the prices of products that have never gotten a complaint?
What is the average price of the products for each category?
Return the average price of products that have each category code.
Find the last name of the staff member who processed the complaint of the cheapest product.
What is the last name of the staff member in charge of the complaint on the product with the lowest price?
Which complaint status has more than 3 records on file?
Return complaint status codes have more than 3 corresponding complaints?
Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains "wrau".
What are the last names of staff with email addressed containing the substring "wrau"?
How many customers are there in the customer type with the most customers?
Count the number of customers that have the customer type that is most common.
What is the last name of the staff who has handled the first ever complaint?
Return the last name of the staff member who handled the complaint with the earliest date raised.
How many distinct complaint type codes are there in the database?
Count the number of different complaint type codes.
Find the address line 1 and 2 of the customer with email "vbogisich@example.org".
What are lines 1 and 2 of the addressed of the customer with the email "vbogisich@example.org"?
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status.
Of complaints with the type code "Product Failure", how many had each different status code?
What is first names of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints?
Return the first names of the 5 staff members who have handled the most complaints.
Which state has the most customers?
Give the state that has the most customers.
