nl_question
Show the number of accounts.
How many accounts are there?
How many customers have opened an account?
Count the number of customers who have an account.
Show the id, the date of account opened, the account name, and other account detail for all accounts.
What are the ids, date opened, name, and other details for all accounts?
Show the id, the account name, and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan'.
What are the ids, names, dates of opening, and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer with the first name "Meaghan"?
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling.
What are the names and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer named Meaghan Keeling?
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900.
What are the full names of customers with the account name 900?
How many customers don't have an account?
Count the number of customers who do not have an account.
Show the unique first names, last names, and phone numbers for all customers with any account.
What are the distinct first names, last names, and phone numbers for customers with accounts?
Show customer ids who don't have an account.
What are the customer ids for customers who do not have an account?
How many accounts does each customer have? List the number and customer id.
Count the number of accounts corresponding to each customer id.
What is the customer id, first and last name with most number of accounts.
Return the id and full name of the customer with the most accounts.
Show id, first name and last name for all customers and the number of accounts.
What are the the full names and ids for all customers, and how many accounts does each have?
Show first name and id for all customers with at least 2 accounts.
What are the first names and ids for customers who have two or more accounts?
Show the number of customers.
Count the number of customers.
Show the number of customers for each gender.
How many customers are there of each gender?
How many transactions do we have?
Count the number of transactions.
How many transaction does each account have? Show the number and account id.
Count the number of financial transactions that correspond to each account id.
How many transaction does account with name 337 have?
Count the number of financial transactions that the account with the name 337 has.
What is the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amount?
Return the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amounts.
Show ids for all transactions whose amounts are greater than the average.
What are the ids for transactions that have an amount greater than the average amount of a transaction?
Show the transaction types and the total amount of transactions.
What are total transaction amounts for each transaction type?
Show the account name, id and the number of transactions for each account.
Return the names and ids of each account, as well as the number of transactions.
Show the account id with most number of transactions.
What is the id of the account with the most transactions?
Show the account id and name with at least 4 transactions.
What are the ids and names of accounts with 4 or more transactions?
Show all product sizes.
What are the different product sizes?
Show all product colors.
What are the different product colors?
Show the invoice number and the number of transactions for each invoice.
How many transactions correspond to each invoice number?
What is the invoice number and invoice date for the invoice with most number of transactions?
What is the invoice number and invoice date corresponding to the invoice with the greatest number of transactions?
How many invoices do we have?
Count the number of invoices.
Show invoice dates and order id and details for all invoices.
What are the invoice dates, order ids, and order details for all invoices?
Show the order ids and the number of invoices for each order.
How many invoices correspond to each order id?
What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices.
Return the order ids and details for orderes with two or more invoices.
What is the customer last name, id and phone number with most number of orders?
Return the last name, id and phone number of the customer who has made the greatest number of orders.
Show all product names without an order.
What are the names of products that have never been ordered?
Show all product names and the total quantity ordered for each product name.
What are the different product names, and what is the sum of quantity ordered for each product?
Show the order ids and the number of items in each order.
How many order items correspond to each order id?
Show the product ids and the number of unique orders containing each product.
How many distinct order ids correspond to each product?
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product.
What are teh names of the different products, as well as the number of customers who have ordered each product.
Show order ids and the number of products in each order.
How many different products correspond to each order id?
Show order ids and the total quantity in each order.
Give the order ids for all orders, as well as the total product quantity in each.
How many products were not included in any order?
Count the number of products that were never ordered.
