nl_question
How many devices are there?
Count the number of devices.
List the carriers of devices in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the different carriers for devices, listed in alphabetical order?
What are the carriers of devices whose software platforms are not "Android"?
Return the device carriers that do not have Android as their software platform.
What are the names of shops in ascending order of open year?
Return the names of shops, ordered by year of opening ascending.
What is the average quantity of stocks?
Give the average quantity of stocks.
What are the names and location of the shops in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Return the names and locations of shops, ordered by name in alphabetical order.
How many different software platforms are there for devices?
Count the number of different software platforms.
List the open date of open year of the shop named "Apple".
What are the open dates and years for the shop named Apple?
List the name of the shop with the latest open year.
What is the shop name corresponding to the shop that opened in the most recent year?
Show names of shops and the carriers of devices they have in stock.
What are the names of device shops, and what are the carriers that they carry devices in stock for?
Show names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock.
What are the names of shops that have more than a single kind of device in stock?
Show the name of the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock.
What is the name of the shop that has the most different kinds of devices in stock?
Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock.
What is the name of the shop that has the greatest quantity of devices in stock?
Please show different software platforms and the corresponding number of devices using each.
What are the different software platforms for devices, and how many devices have each?
Please show the software platforms of devices in descending order of the count.
What are the different software platforms for devices, ordered by frequency descending?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices.
What is the software platform that is most common amongst all devices?
List the names of shops that have no devices in stock.
What are the names of shops that do not have any devices in stock?
Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
Which locations contains both shops that opened after the year 2012 and shops that opened before 2008?
List the carriers of devices that have no devices in stock.
What are the carriers of devices that are not in stock anywhere?
Show the carriers of devices in stock at more than one shop.
What are the carriers of devices that are in stock in more than a single shop?
