nl_question
How much more total box office gross did the Walt Disney Company have in revenue in 1998 than in 1997?
The song "Once Upon a Dream" is associated with the movie directed by whom?
Among the movies in which Alan Tudyk is a voice actor, how many of them were released after 2012?
Please list the movies directed by Wolfgang Reitherman that can be watched by the general audience.
Who is the villain of the movie "Beauty and the Beast"?
Who is the voice actor of the character "Binkie Muddlefoot"?
Which song is associated with the most popular Disney movie in 1970s?
Who is the hero character of the Disney movie directed by Will Finn?
Who is the voice actor of the hero character from the movie The Little Mermaid?
Who is the director of the adventure movie which was released on 2007/3/30?
What is the Motion Picture Association of America rating for the movie featuring a villain named Turbo?
How many movies for mature audiences or parental guidance suggested did Bill Thompson work as a voice actor?
Which director did Bill Thompson work the most with?
What is the most popular movie directed by Ron Clements?
How many PG adventure movies did Ron Clements direct?
Who is the villain in the movie "The Great Mouse Detective"?
List all of Wolfgang Reitherman's movies and their voice actors.
What are the characters in the PG movies?
What is the highest grossing movie without a song?
Who directed the movie with the most voice actors?
Who are the voice actors in the movie that came out on 11/24/2010?
List the directors of movies that feature a song.
What are the total grosses for the movies with Jim Cummings as the voice actor?
Which of the movies directed by Ron Clements has the highest total gross?
What is the average total gross for the movies featuring Sterling Holloway?
List the movie titles and associated songs directed by Ron Clements.
Provide the titles, main characters, and associated songs of the movies directed by Wolfgang Reitherman in 1977.
Which movies had the main character named Donald Duck and who directed them?
Among Frank Welker's voice-acted movies, list the movie titles and the total gross when the estimated inflation rate was less than 2.
Who directed the most popular movie?
Indicate the release date of the film The Lion King directed by Roger Allers.
List the names of the directors whose films grossed over $100 million.
Which movie's song title has the highest total gross?
What genre of movie has Taran as the main character?
Who was the first ever Disney villain?
Name the director of Disney's lowest grossing movie.
Find out what proportion of total revenue Walt Disney Parks and Resorts received in 2010.
Find the estimated inflation rate that was used to adjust the 1995 box office revenue for Disney's films.
Name the most recent movie directed by Chris Buck. Which of his movies was more successful in terms of grossing? Use the current gross for comparison.
Among all Disney movies directed by Gary Trousdale, determine the percentage that earned over USD100m based on actual grossing.
Among the movies directed by Wolfgang Reitherman, how many of them were released in December?
Please list the release dates of all the movies in which Alan Tudyk is a voice actor.
Among the movies directed by Wolfgang Reitherman, how many of them are Comedies?
Which movie is the character Robin Hood in?
Give the name of the movie which the song "I Thought I Lost You" is associated with.
Who is the hero character of the movie whose total gross was $222,527,828?
Give the name of the director of the movie in which Verna Felton was the voice actor for its character "Aunt Sarah".
For the movie in which Tress MacNeille was the voice actor for its character "Hyacinth Hippo", what was the release date of that movie?
Wolfgang Reitherman has directed several Disney movies, which one has the highest grossing after accounting for inflation?
Who is the hero character of the adventure movie which was released on 2016/3/4?
How many movies did Wolfgang Reitherman direct?
How many restricted horror movies were released between 1/1/1990 to 12/31/2015?
How many of Gary Trousdale's movies are adventure movies?
List all the voice actors in the movie directed by Ben Sharpsteen which was released on February 9, 1940.
List all the songs associated with drama movies.
Provide a list of directors from the 1990s.
List the movie titles directed by Jack Kinney.
Describe the hero, director, and the release date of Mulan.
Provide the title, director, and release date of the movie voice-acted by Freddie Jones.
Among the movies released from 1991 to 2000, calculate the percentage of comedy movies. Provide any five movie titles and directors.
Name the voice actor of the character Calliope in the movie Hercules.
Provide the director's name of Wreck-It Ralph movie.
How many movies were released between 1937 and 1950?
Provide the name of the song from the movie directed by Ben Sharpsteen.
Which movies of director Wolfgang Reitherman do not have villain?
List all the main characters of the movie that are comedy genre.
Name the first movie released by Disney.
How many movies were released by Disney between 2010 and 2016?
Which actor voices Akela from The Jungle Book?
Who is the director of the movie Pinocchio?
What is the genre of the movie whose villain is Commander Rourke?
How much is the total gross of the movie with a song titled "Little Wonders"?
How many horror movies are there?
Who voiced the villain in "The Rescuers"?
List the PG-13 romantic comedy movie titles and their release dates.
What movies did director Jack Kinney direct?
What is Disney's highest grossing action movie?
List the movies and genres released in 2016.
How many voice actors for the movie Aladdin?
List the titles of movies directed by Jack Kinney that were released before 1947.
Provide the names of voice actors for the characters of films directed by Wolfgang Reitherman.
The main character Elsa is voiced by which actor and who is the director of the movie?
