nl_question
Find the name and access counts of all documents, in alphabetic order of the document name.
What are the names of all the documents, as well as the access counts of each, ordered alphabetically?
Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times, as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed?
What is the name of the document which has been accessed the most times, as well as the number of times it has been accessed?
Find the types of documents with more than 4 documents.
What are the codes of types of documents of which there are for or more?
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type.
What is the total access count of documents that are of the most common document type?
What is the average access count of documents?
Find the average access count across all documents?
What is the structure of the document with the least number of accesses?
Return the structure description of the document that has been accessed the fewest number of times.
What is the type of the document named "David CV"?
Return the type code of the document named "David CV".
Find the list of documents that are both in the most three popular type and have the most three popular structure.
What are the names of documents that have both one of the three most common types and one of three most common structures?
What document types do have more than 10000 total access number.
Return the codes of the document types that do not have a total access count of over 10000.
What are all the section titles of the document named "David CV"?
Give the section titles of the document with the name "David CV".
Find all the name of documents without any sections.
What are the names of documents that do not have any sections?
List all the username and passwords of users with the most popular role.
What are the usernames and passwords of users that have the most common role?
Find the average access counts of documents with functional area "Acknowledgement".
What are the average access counts of documents that have the functional area description "Acknowledgement"?
Find names of the document without any images.
What are the names of documents that do not have any images?
What is the name of the document with the most number of sections?
Return the name of the document that has the most sections.
List all the document names which contains "CV".
What are the names of documents that contain the substring "CV"?
How many users are logged in?
Count the number of users that are logged in.
Find the description of the most popular role among the users that have logged in.
What is the description of the most popular role among users that have logged in?
Find the average access count of documents with the least popular structure.
What is the average access count of documents that have the least common structure?
List all the image name and URLs in the order of their names.
What are the names and urls of images, sorted alphabetically?
Find the number of users in each role.
What are the different role codes for users, and how many users have each?
What document types have more than 2 corresponding documents?
Give the codes of document types that have more than 2 corresponding documents.
