nl_question
Which states have both owners and professionals living there?
Find the states where both owners and professionals live.
What is the average age of the dogs who have gone through any treatments?
Find the average age of the dogs who went through treatments.
Which professionals live in the state of Indiana or have done treatment on more than 2 treatments? List his or her id, last name and cell phone.
Find the id, last name and cell phone of the professionals who live in the state of Indiana or have performed more than two treatments.
Which dogs have not cost their owner more than 1000 for treatment ? List the dog names .
What are the names of the dogs for which the owner has not spend more than 1000 for treatment ?
Which first names are used for professionals or owners but are not used as dog names?
Find the first names that are used for professionals or owners but are not used as dog names.
Which professional did not operate any treatment on dogs? List the professional's id, role and email.
Give me the id, role and email of the professionals who did not perform any treatment on dogs.
Which owner owns the most dogs? List the owner id, first name and last name.
Return the owner id, first name and last name of the owner who has the most dogs.
Which professionals have done at least two treatments? List the professional's id, role, and first name.
What are the id, role, and first name of the professionals who have performed two or more treatments?
What is the name of the breed with the most dogs?
Which breed do the most dogs have? Give me the breed name.
Which owner has paid for the most treatments on his or her dogs? List the owner id and last name.
Tell me the owner id and last name of the owner who spent the most on treatments of his or her dogs.
What is the description of the treatment type that costs the least money in total?
Give me the description of the treatment type whose total cost is the lowest.
Which owner has paid the largest amount of money in total for their dogs? Show the owner id and zip code.
Find the owner id and zip code of the owner who spent the most money in total for his or her dogs.
Which professionals have done at least two types of treatments? List the professional id and cell phone.
Find the id and cell phone of the professionals who operate two or more types of treatments.
What are the first name and last name of the professionals who have done treatment with cost below average?
Which professionals have operated a treatment that costs less than the average? Give me theor first names and last names.
List the date of each treatment, together with the first name of the professional who operated it.
What are the date and the operating professional's first name of each treatment?
List the cost of each treatment and the corresponding treatment type description.
What are the cost and treatment type description of each treatment?
List each owner's first name, last name, and the size of his for her dog.
What are each owner's first name, last name, and the size of their dog?
List pairs of the owner's first name and the dogs's name.
What are each owner's first name and their dogs's name?
List the names of the dogs of the rarest breed and the treatment dates of them.
Which dogs are of the rarest breed? Show their names and treatment dates.
Which dogs are owned by someone who lives in Virginia? List the owner's first name and the dog's name.
Find the first names of owners living in Virginia and the names of dogs they own.
What are the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs who have gone through a treatment?
Find the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs that received a treatment.
List the last name of the owner owning the youngest dog.
Who owns the youngest dog? Give me his or her last name.
List the emails of the professionals who live in the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin.
What are the emails of the professionals living in either the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin?
What are the arriving date and the departing date of all the dogs?
List the arrival date and the departure date for all the dogs.
How many dogs went through any treatments?
Count the number of dogs that went through a treatment.
How many professionals have performed any treatment to dogs?
Find the number of professionals who have ever treated dogs.
Which professionals live in a city containing the substring 'West'? List his or her role, street, city and state.
Find the role, street, city and state of the professionals living in a city that contains the substring 'West'.
Which owners live in the state whose name contains the substring 'North'? List his first name, last name and email.
Return the first name, last name and email of the owners living in a state whose name contains the substring 'North'.
How many dogs have an age below the average?
Count the number of dogs of an age below the average.
How much does the most recent treatment cost?
Show me the cost of the most recently performed treatment.
How many dogs have not gone through any treatment?
Tell me the number of dogs that have not received any treatment .
How many owners temporarily do not have any dogs?
Find the number of owners who do not own any dogs at this moment.
How many professionals did not operate any treatment on dogs?
Find the number of professionals who have not treated any dogs.
List the dog name, age and weight of the dogs who have been abandoned? 1 stands for yes, and 0 stands for no.
What are the dog name, age and weight of the dogs that were abandoned? Note that 1 stands for yes, and 0 stands for no in the tables.
What is the average age of all the dogs?
Compute the average age of all the dogs.
What is the age of the oldest dog?
Tell me the age of the oldest dog.
How much does each charge type costs? List both charge type and amount.
List each charge type and its amount.
How much does the most expensive charge type costs?
What is the charge amount of the most expensive charge type?
List the email, cell phone and home phone of all the professionals.
What are the email, cell phone and home phone of each professional?
What are all the possible breed type and size type combinations?
Find the distinct breed type and size type combinations for dogs.
List the first name of all the professionals along with the description of the treatment they have done.
What are each professional's first name and description of the treatment they have performed?
