nl_question
Which city does the school that project "iMath" donated to in?
For the teacher who wrote the project 'ABC Read', which city was he/she in?
What is the teacher prefix for the teacher who wrote the project 'Creating Memories and Inspiring Dreams'?
Show the school id for the project 'Virtual Aquarium Needs Help!'.
What are the coordinates of the school where project 'Look, Look, We Need a Nook!' Was donated to and what resource type is it?
Find out if the project with the title Team More Books! has a New York teaching fellow.
When did the project "Photojournalists Want to Exhibit Their Best Works" go live?
What are the coordinates of the school with the project "Wiping Away Bad Grades"?
For what grade was the project "Too Close for Comfort" for?
For project titled 'Toot Your Flute!', what is the main subject of the project materials intended for? Name the other projects with the similar focus.
What date did the project with he 'Lets Share Ideas essay' went live?
Which project have the highest total price including optional support? Indicate the project id.
What is the total price including optional support received by the teacher who posted the essay titled "Recording Rockin' Readers"?
What is the latitude and longitude of the school where the teacher who wrote "Smile for the Camera!!!" teaches?
When was the highest amount of donated? How much was the amount?
For each donation not from a teacher, state the donor account id and calculate the percentage of donation given for optional support.
Name all the project titles whereby project materials are intended mainly for literary.
Name the project titles meant for school whereby 65% of the students are on reduced lunch.
What is the project in which 320 students will be impacted if the project is funded? Name the project and state the project cost.
For all donors from Texas City, list their donation message and name of the project they donated to.
Name the vendors who provide resources for project 'Lights, Camera, Action!'. List all the item names and unit price for each.
How much donations have been collected for project 'Whistle While We Work!'?
Name and describe all projects created by New York teachers.
If funded, which are the projects that could impact at least 600 students for a school with moderate level of poverty? Name the projects and state the project cost.
How many schools in the West New York School District have the highest poverty level?
How many donations from teachers were done in the state of Colorado?
Which state have the highest number of PayPal donations for an honoree whose portion of a donation included corporate sponsored giftcard?
Who is the largest donor by amount? Give the donation id and the total amount of the donation.
What is the id of the project that has the highest optional tip? Indicate the names of the resources that were requested.
What is the name of the vendor that supplies resources to the project "iMath"?
When was the project with the highest quantity went live on the site? Indicate the grade level for which the project materials are intended.
What is the average amount of donations by people who donated in the project "Recording Rockin' Readers"
Which school requested the highest amount of resources from Amazon? State the school's ID.
What is the prefix for the teacher who handled the 'Reading About Other Cultures' project?
How many students will be impacted for the Fit Firsties! Project?
List the title of all projects located in Chicago along with the ID of the donor.
State the name of vendor that supplies book resources to all school with literacy subject as their primary focus.
Among all the donors from New York, how many of them are teachers?
How many donors from New Jersey have made a donation for an honoree?
What is the donation message for donation ID a84dace1ff716f6f0c7af8ef9090a5d5?
Please list the types of resources that the vendor Lakeshore Learning Materials has provided for the projects.
Of the projects whose resources are provided by the vendor Lakeshore Learning Materials, the school of which project has the highest cost of labor fulfillment? Please give its school ID.
What is the total donation amount made for projects whose main subject area are Literacy & Language?
To which city did donor “22cbc920c9b5fa08dfb331422f5926b5” donate?
Is donor “22cbc920c9b5fa08dfb331422f5926b5” a teacher?
Have the teacher "42d43fa6f37314365d08692e08680973" acquired P.h.D or doctor degree?
Is teacher "42d43fa6f37314365d08692e08680973" a New York teacher?
Please list the titles of projects by which schools in Abington was donated.
Please list the resource names of project that teacher "822b7b8768c17456fdce78b65abcc18e" created.
Please provide the type of resource that donation "b39547f29dfc25fb13c6e9e8d940dc43" contain.
Among the schools donated by donor "000eebf28658900e63b538cf8a73afbd",how many schools whose poverty level are highest?
What is the short description of the project that gives donation to school “301c9bf0a45d159d162b65a93fddd74e”?
Among the projects whose donators are teachers, what is the percentage of projects that affected more than 30 students?
How many schools which have suburban metro are there in Bethlehem?
State the number of public magnet schools in New York Manhattan.
What is the total number of projects that was created by the teachers that teach 3-5 grades in Boston Public School District?
Is the donor of the project 'Calculate, Financial Security For Tomorrow Starts Today! ' a teacher?
How many number of donations did the project 'A Rug For Reaching Readers' get?
What was the donation optional support amount for the project 'Armenian Genocide'?
Did the project 'I Can't See It...Can You Help Me???' get the tip for the donation?
For the donation of the project 'Awesome Audiobooks Make Avid Readers', what was the percentage of the tip in the total amount?
For the all donations to the project 'Bringing Drama to Life', what is the percentage of the donation is paid by credit card?
What is the short description for the title Future Einsteins Of America?
Name the vendors that sell the item Classroom Keepers Management Center.
List the resource types available at Sax Arts & Crafts.
Which school district was Future Einsteins Of America project located at?
What payment method was used for Needed Resource Materials For My Students?
How many donations were paid via credit card to Memphis City School District?
Give the coordinates of the buyer of R & A Plant Genetics from Benchmark Education.
Write the message of the donor of the project with the title of Lets Share Ideas who paid with a credit card.
Which resource type is commonly bought by the Los Angeles Unified School District?
Calculate the sum of all the total amount donated to the essay project titled 'Lets Share Ideas' which were paid through paypal and indicate the city and poverty level.
How many schools in Suffolk County have Ph.D. teachers?
In which cities are Los Angeles County Suburban Metro Schools located?
What are the vendors of the book-type projects? List them with the project ID.
What percentage of projects that have not received a cash donation have received a portion of a donation included corporate sponsored giftcard?
What percentage of projects in the City of Santa Barbara are in suburban metro?
What is the percentage of payment methods of donations made in March 2013?
How many schools in Brooklyn with urban metro and donations for an honoree have requested TT992 - Refill Pack for Safety Name Tags as a resource?
What is the name of the vendors serving material for projects for grades 9-12?
How many teachers have made some type of donation for projects in Chicago?
How many donations does the project "Look, Look, We Need a Nook!" have?
List the poverty level of all the schools that received donations with the zip code "7079".
What is the name of the vendor that the project "Bloody Times" uses for their resources?
List all the items from "Sax Arts & Crafts" and the zip code of the schools that received them.
List the primary subject of all the donations with a corporate sponsored giftcard.
What is the total number of students impacted by the projects with a donation from a donor with zip code "22205"?
What percentage of donations are given via a giving or campaign page? List the primary area of those donations.
