nl_question
List all vehicle id
What are the ids of all vehicles?
How many vehicle in total?
How many vehicles exist?
Show the detail of vehicle with id 1.
What are the details of the car with id 1?
List the first name middle name and last name of all staff.
What are the first, middle, and last names of all staff?
What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the date of birth for the staff member named Janessa Sawayn?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company?
When did the staff member named Janessa Sawayn join the company?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company?
When did the staff member Janessa Sawayn leave the company?
How many staff have the first name Ludie?
How many employees have a first name of Ludie?
What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the nickname of the employee named Janessa Sawayn?
How many staff in total?
How many employees are there?
Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
In what city does Janessa Sawayn live?
Which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
In which country and state does Janessa Sawayn live?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin?
How long is the total lesson time took by the customer named Rylan Goodwin?
What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
What is the zip code of the hosue of the employee named Janessa Sawayn?
How many staff live in state Georgia?
How many employees live in Georgia?
Find out the first name and last name of staff lived in city Damianfort.
What is the first and last name of all employees who live in the city Damianfort?
Which city lives most of staffs? List the city name and number of staffs.
In which city do the most employees live and how many of them live there?
List the states which have between 2 to 4 staffs living there.
What are the names of the states that have 2 to 4 employees living there?
List the first name and last name of all customers.
What are the first and last names for all customers?
List email address and birthday of customer whose first name as Carole.
What are the email addresses and date of births for all customers who have a first name of Carole?
List phone number and email address of customer with more than 2000 outstanding balance.
What are the phone numbers and email addresses of all customers who have an outstanding balance of more than 2000?
What is the status code, mobile phone number and email address of customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina?
What is the status code, phone number, and email address of the customer whose last name is Kohler or whose first name is Marina?
When are the birthdays of customer who are classified as 'Good Customer' status?
What is the date of birth of every customer whose status code is 'Good Customer'?
When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer?
When did Carole Bernhard first become a customer?
How many customers in total?
How many customers are there?
List all customer status codes and the number of customers having each status code.
For each customer status code, how many customers are classified that way?
Which customer status code has least number of customers?
What is the status code with the least number of customers?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
How many lessons did the customer Ryan Goodwin complete?
What is maximum, minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer?
What is the maximum, minimum, and average amount of money outsanding for all customers?
List the first name and last name of customers have the amount of outstanding between 1000 and 3000.
What are the first and last names of all customers with between 1000 and 3000 dollars outstanding?
List first name and last name of customers lived in city Lockmanfurt.
What are the first and last names of all customers who lived in Lockmanfurt?
Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard lived in?
What is the country in which the customer Carole Bernhard lived?
What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard?
What is the zip code of the customer Carole Bernhard?
Which city does has most number of customers?
What is the city with the most customers?
How much in total does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid?
What is the total amount of moeny paid by the customer Carole Bernhard?
List the number of customers that did not have any payment history.
How many customers have no payment histories?
List first name and last name of customers that have more than 2 payments.
What are the first and last names of all customers with more than 2 payments?
List all payment methods and number of payments using each payment methods.
For each payment method, how many payments were made?
How many lessons were in cancelled state?
How many lessons have been cancelled?
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
What are the the lesson ids of all staff taught by Janessa Sawayn whose nickname has the letter s?
How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
How many lessons were taught by a staff member whose first name has the letter 'a' in it?
How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the total time for all lessons taught by Janessa Sawayn?
What is average lesson price taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the average price for a lesson taught by Janessa Sawayn?
How many lesson does customer with first name Ray took?
How many lessons did the customer with the first name Ray take?
Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
What are the last names that are used by customers and staff?
What is the first name of the staff who did not give any lesson?
What is the first name of all employees who do not give any lessons?
What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times?
