nl_question
List every individual's first name, middle name and last name in alphabetical order by last name.
What are the first, middle, and last names of all individuals, ordered by last name?
List all the types of forms.
What are the different types of forms?
Find the name of the most popular party form.
What is the name of the party form that is most common?
Find the payment method and phone of the party with email "enrico09@example.com".
What is the payment method code and party phone of the party with the email 'enrico09@example.com'?
Find the emails of parties with the most popular party form.
What are the party emails associated with parties that used the party form that is the most common?
List all the name of organizations in order of the date formed.
What are the names of organizations, ordered by the date they were formed, ascending?
Find the name of the youngest organization.
What is the name of the organization that was formed most recently?
Find the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization "Labour Party".
What is the last name of the contact individual from the Labour party organization who was contacted most recently?
Find the last name of the first ever contact person of the organization with the highest UK Vat number.
What is the last name of the first individual contacted from the organization with the maximum UK Vat number across all organizations?
How many services are there?
Count the number of services.
Find name of the services that has never been used.
What are the names of the services that have never been used?
Find the name of all the cities and states.
What are the names of all cities and states?
How many cities are there in state "Colorado"?
Count the number of cities in the state of Colorado.
Find the payment method code used by more than 3 parties.
What are the payment method codes that have been used by more than 3 parties?
Find the name of organizations whose names contain "Party".
What are the names of organizations that contain the word "Party"?
How many distinct payment methods are used by parties?
Count the number of different payment method codes used by parties.
Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times?
Return the party email that has used party services the greatest number of times.
Which state can address "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls" possibly be in?
Give the state corresponding to the line number building "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls".
What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals?
Return the name of the organization which has the most contact individuals.
Find the last name of the individuals that have been contact individuals of an organization.
What are the last names of individuals who have been contact individuals for an organization?
