nl_question
How many courses are there in total?
Find the total number of courses offered.
What are the descriptions of the courses with name "database"?
Return the description for the courses named "database".
What are the addresses of the course authors or tutors with personal name "Cathrine"
Return the addresses of the course authors or tutors whose personal name is "Cathrine".
List the addresses of all the course authors or tutors.
What is the address of each course author or tutor?
List all the login names and family names of course author and tutors.
What are the login names and family names of course author and tutors?
List all the dates of enrollment and completion of students.
What are all the dates of enrollment and completion in record?
How many distinct students are enrolled in courses?
Find the number of distinct students enrolled in courses.
How many distinct courses are enrolled in by students?
Find the number of distinct courses that have enrolled students.
Find the dates of the tests taken with result "Pass".
Which tests have "Pass" results? Return the dates when the tests were taken.
How many tests have result "Fail"?
Count the number of tests with "Fail" result.
What are the login names of the students with family name "Ward"?
Return the login names of the students whose family name is "Ward".
What are the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name "Jaskolski" or "Langosh"?
Find the latest logon date of the students whose family name is "Jaskolski" or "Langosh".
How many students have personal names that contain the word "son"?
Find the number of students who have the word "son" in their personal names.
List all the subject names.
What are the names of all the subjects.
List all the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name.
Sort the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name.
List the personal names and family names of all the students in alphabetical order of family name.
What are the personal names and family names of the students? Sort the result in alphabetical order of the family name.
List each test result and its count in descending order of count.
For each distinct test result, find the number of students who got the result.
Find the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name "advanced database".
Which course author teaches the "advanced database" course? Give me his or her login name.
Find the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name "operating system" or "data structure".
What are the addresses of the course authors who teach either "operating system" or "data structure" course.
Find the personal name, family name, and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses.
What are the personal name, family name, and author ID of the course author who teaches the most courses?
Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses.
Which course authors teach two or more courses? Give me their addresses and author IDs.
Find the names of courses taught by the tutor who has personal name "Julio".
What are the names of the courses taught by the tutor whose personal name is "Julio"?
Find the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named "Computer Science".
What are the names and descriptions of the all courses under the "Computer Science" subject?
Find the subject ID, subject name, and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject.
What are the subject ID, subject name, and the number of available courses for each subject?
Find the subject ID, name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject, and sort by the course count in ascending order.
List the subject ID, name of subject and the number of courses available for each subject in ascending order of the course counts.
What is the date of enrollment of the course named "Spanish"?
Find the the date of enrollment of the "Spanish" course.
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment?
Which course is enrolled in by the most students? Give me the course name.
What are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment?
Find the names of the courses that have just one student enrollment.
What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2?
Return the descriptions and names of the courses that have more than two students enrolled in.
What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment?
List the name and the number of enrolled student for each course.
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result "Pass"?
Find the enrollment date for all the tests that have "Pass" result.
What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result "Fail"?
Return the completion date for all the tests that have "Fail" result.
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with personal name "Karson".
On what dates did the student whose personal name is "Karson" enroll in and complete the courses?
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie".
On what dates did the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie" enroll in and complete the courses?
Find the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments
What are the student ID and login name of the student who are enrolled in the most courses?
Find the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments.
Which student are enrolled in at least two courses? Give me the student ID and personal name.
Find the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments.
What are the student IDs and middle names of the students enrolled in at most two courses?
Find the personal names of students not enrolled in any course.
Which students not enrolled in any course? Find their personal names.
How many students did not have any course enrollment?
Count the number of students who did not enroll in any course.
Find the common login name of course authors and students.
What are the login names used both by some course authors and some students?
Find the common personal name of course authors and students.
What are the personal names used both by some course authors and some students?
