nl_question
How many counties are there in total?
Count the total number of counties.
Show the county name and population of all counties.
What are the name and population of each county?
Show the average population of all counties.
On average how large is the population of the counties?
Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
What are the maximum and minimum population of the counties?
Show all the distinct districts for elections.
What are the distinct districts for elections?
Show the zip code of the county with name "Howard".
What is the zip code the county named "Howard" is located in?
Show the delegate from district 1 in election.
Who is the delegate of district 1 in the elections?
Show the delegate and committee information of elections.
What are the delegate and committee information for each election record?
How many distinct governors are there?
Count the number of distinct governors.
Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party.
Who are the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party?
In which distinct years was the governor "Eliot Spitzer"?
Find the distinct years when the governor was named "Eliot Spitzer".
Show all the information about election.
Return all the information for each election record.
Show the delegates and the names of county they belong to.
What are the delegate and name of the county they belong to, for each county?
Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000?
Find the delegates who are from counties with population below 100000.
How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000?
Count the number of distinct delegates who are from counties with population above 50000.
What are the names of the county that the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to?
Which county do the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to? Give me the county names.
Show the delegates and the names of the party they belong to.
For each delegate, find the names of the party they are part of.
Who were the governors of the parties associated with delegates from district 1?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1. Who served as governors of the parties?
Who were the comptrollers of the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or district 2?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or 2. Who served as comptrollers of the parties?
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party.
Which committees have delegates from the Democratic party?
Show the name of each county along with the corresponding number of delegates from that county.
For each county, find the name of the county and the number of delegates from that county.
Show the name of each party and the corresponding number of delegates from that party.
For each party, return the name of the party and the number of delegates from that party.
Return the names of all counties sorted by population in ascending order.
Sort the names of all counties in ascending order of population.
Return the names of all counties sorted by county name in descending alphabetical order.
Sort the names of all counties in descending alphabetical order.
Show the name of the county with the biggest population.
Which county has the largest population? Give me the name of the county.
Show the 3 counties with the smallest population.
What are the 3 counties that have the smallest population? Give me the county names.
Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Which counties have two or more delegates? Give me the county names.
Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
Which party has two or more records?
Show the name of the party that has the most delegates.
Which party has the largest number of delegates?
Show the people that have been governor the most times.
Which people severed as governor most frequently?
Show the people that have been comptroller the most times and the corresponding number of times.
Which people severed as comptroller most frequently? Give me the name of the person and the frequency count.
What are the names of parties that do not have delegates in election?
Which parties did not have any delegates in elections?
What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations" committee and
Which parties have delegates in both the "Appropriations" committee and the "Economic Matters" committee?
Which committees have delegates from both democratic party and liberal party?
Find the committees that have delegates both from from the democratic party and the liberal party.
