nl_question
How many entrepreneurs are there?
Count the number of entrepreneurs.
List the companies of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested.
What are the companies of entrepreneurs, ordered descending by amount of money requested?
List the companies and the investors of entrepreneurs.
What are the companies and investors that correspond to each entrepreneur?
What is the average money requested by all entrepreneurs?
Return the average money requested across all entrepreneurs.
What are the names of people in ascending order of weight?
Return the names of people, ordered by weight ascending.
What are the names of entrepreneurs?
Return the names of entrepreneurs.
What are the names of entrepreneurs whose investor is not "Rachel Elnaugh"?
Return the names of entrepreneurs do no not have the investor Rachel Elnaugh.
What is the weight of the shortest person?
Return the weight of the shortest person.
What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight?
Return the name of the heaviest entrepreneur.
What is the total money requested by entrepreneurs with height more than 1.85?
Give the total money requested by entrepreneurs who are taller than 1.85.
What are the dates of birth of entrepreneurs with investor "Simon Woodroffe" or "Peter Jones"?
Return the dates of birth for entrepreneurs who have either the investor Simon Woodroffe or Peter Jones.
What are the weights of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested?
Return the weights of entrepreneurs, ordered descending by amount of money requested.
What are the investors of entrepreneurs and the corresponding number of entrepreneurs invested by each investor?
How many entrepreneurs correspond to each investor?
What is the investor that has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs?
Return the investor who have invested in the greatest number of entrepreneurs.
What are the investors that have invested in at least two entrepreneurs?
Return the investors who have invested in two or more entrepreneurs.
List the names of entrepreneurs and their companies in descending order of money requested?
What are the names of entrepreneurs and their corresponding investors, ordered descending by the amount of money requested?
List the names of people that are not entrepreneurs.
What are the names of people who are not entrepreneurs?
Show the investors shared by entrepreneurs that requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs that requested less than 120000.
What are the investors who have invested in both entrepreneurs who requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs who requested less than 120000?
How many distinct companies are there?
Count the number of different companies.
Show the company of the tallest entrepreneur.
Which company was started by the entrepreneur with the greatest height?
