nl_question
How many farms are there?
Count the number of farms.
List the total number of horses on farms in ascending order.
What is the total horses record for each farm, sorted ascending?
What are the hosts of competitions whose theme is not "Aliens"?
Return the hosts of competitions for which the theme is not Aliens?
What are the themes of farm competitions sorted by year in ascending order?
Return the themes of farm competitions, sorted by year ascending.
What is the average number of working horses of farms with more than 5000 total number of horses?
Give the average number of working horses on farms with more than 5000 total horses.
What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
Return the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
How many different statuses do cities have?
Count the number of different statuses.
List official names of cities in descending order of population.
What are the official names of cities, ordered descending by population?
List the official name and status of the city with the largest population.
What is the official name and status of the city with the most residents?
Show the years and the official names of the host cities of competitions.
Give the years and official names of the cities of each competition.
Show the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition.
What are the official names of cities that have hosted more than one competition?
Show the status of the city that has hosted the greatest number of competitions.
What is the status of the city that has hosted the most competitions?
Please show the themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000.
What are the themes of competitions that have corresponding host cities with more than 1000 residents?
Please show the different statuses of cities and the average population of cities with each status.
What are the statuses and average populations of each city?
Please show the different statuses, ordered by the number of cities that have each.
Return the different statuses of cities, ascending by frequency.
List the most common type of Status across cities.
What is the most common status across all cities?
List the official names of cities that have not held any competition.
What are the official names of cities that have not hosted a farm competition?
Show the status shared by cities with population bigger than 1500 and smaller than 500.
Which statuses correspond to both cities that have a population over 1500 and cities that have a population lower than 500?
Find the official names of cities with population bigger than 1500 or smaller than 500.
What are the official names of cities that have population over 1500 or less than 500?
Show the census ranking of cities whose status are not "Village".
What are the census rankings of cities that do not have the status "Village"?
