nl_question
How many film are there?
Count the number of films.
List the distinct director of all films.
What are the different film Directors?
What is the average ticket sales gross in dollars of films?
Return the average gross sales in dollars across all films.
What are the low and high estimates of film markets?
Return the low and high estimates for all film markets.
What are the types of film market estimations in year 1995?
Return the types of film market estimations in 1995.
What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets.
Return the maximum and minimum number of cities across all markets.
How many markets have number of cities smaller than 300?
Count the number of markets that have a number of cities lower than 300.
List all countries of markets in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the countries for each market, ordered alphabetically?
List all countries of markets in descending order of number of cities.
What are the countries for each market ordered by decreasing number of cities?
Please show the titles of films and the types of market estimations.
What are the titles of films and corresponding types of market estimations?
Show the distinct director of films with market estimation in the year of 1995.
Who are the different directors of films which had market estimation in 1995?
What is the average number of cities of markets with low film market estimate bigger than 10000?
Give the average number of cities within markets that had a low market estimation larger than 10000?
Please list the countries and years of film market estimations.
What are the countries of markets and their corresponding years of market estimation?
Please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country "Japan" in descending order.
What are the years of film market estimation for the market of Japan, ordered by year descending?
List the studios of each film and the number of films produced by that studio.
How films are produced by each studio?
List the name of film studio that have the most number of films.
What is the name of teh studio that created the most films?
List the names of studios that have at least two films.
What are the names of studios that have made two or more films?
List the title of films that do not have any market estimation.
What are the titles of films that do not have a film market estimation?
Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
What are the names of studios that have produced films with both Nicholas Meyer and Walter Hill?
Find the titles and studios of the films that are produced by some film studios that contained the word "Universal".
What are the titles and studios of films that have been produced by a studio whose name contains "Universal"?
Show the studios that have not produced films with director "Walter Hill".
Which studios have never worked with the director Walter Hill?
List the studios which average gross is above 4500000.
Which studios have an average gross of over 4500000?
What is the title of the film that has the highest high market estimation.
Return the title of the film with the highest high estimate?
What are the titles and directors of the films were never presented in China?
Return the titles and directors of films that were never in the market of China.
