nl_question
Which country does Airline "JetBlue Airways" belong to?
What country is Jetblue Airways affiliated with?
What is the abbreviation of Airline "JetBlue Airways"?
Which abbreviation corresponds to Jetblue Airways?
List all airline names and their abbreviations in "USA".
What are the airline names and abbreviations for airlines in the USA?
List the airport code and name in the city of Anthony.
Give the airport code and airport name corresonding to the city Anthony.
How many airlines do we have?
What is the total number of airlines?
How many airports do we have?
Return the number of  airports.
How many flights do we have?
Return the number of flights.
Which airline has abbreviation 'UAL'?
Give the airline with abbreviation 'UAL'.
How many airlines are from USA?
Return the number of airlines in the USA.
Which city and country is the Alton airport at?
Give the city and country for the Alton airport.
What is the airport name for airport 'AKO'?
Return the name of the airport with code 'AKO'.
What are airport names at City 'Aberdeen'?
What are the names of airports in Aberdeen?
How many flights depart from 'APG'?
Count the number of flights departing from 'APG'.
How many flights have destination ATO?
Count the number of flights into ATO.
How many flights depart from City Aberdeen?
Return the number of flights departing from Aberdeen.
How many flights arriving in Aberdeen city?
Return the number of flights arriving in Aberdeen.
How many flights depart from City 'Aberdeen' and have destination City 'Ashley'?
How many flights fly from Aberdeen to Ashley?
How many flights does airline 'JetBlue Airways' have?
Give the number of Jetblue Airways flights.
How many 'United Airlines' flights go to Airport 'ASY'?
Count the number of United Airlines flights arriving in ASY Airport.
How many 'United Airlines' flights depart from Airport 'AHD'?
Return the number of United Airlines flights leaving from AHD Airport.
How many United Airlines flights go to City 'Aberdeen'?
Count the number of United Airlines flights that arrive in Aberdeen.
Which city has most number of arriving flights?
Which city has the most frequent destination airport?
Which city has most number of departing flights?
Which city is the most frequent source airport?
What is the code of airport that has the highest number of flights?
What is the airport code of the airport with the most flights?
What is the code of airport that has fewest number of flights?
Give the code of the airport with the least flights.
Which airline has most number of flights?
What airline serves the most flights?
Find the abbreviation and country of the airline that has fewest number of flights?
What is the abbreviation of the airilne has the fewest flights and what country is it in?
What are airlines that have some flight departing from airport 'AHD'?
Which airlines have a flight with source airport AHD?
What are airlines that have flights arriving at airport 'AHD'?
Which airlines have a flight with destination airport AHD?
Find all airlines that have flights from both airports 'APG' and 'CVO'.
Which airlines have departing flights from both APG and CVO airports?
Find all airlines that have flights from airport 'CVO' but not from 'APG'.
Which airlines have departures from CVO but not from APG airports?
Find all airlines that have at least 10 flights.
Which airlines have at least 10 flights?
Find all airlines that have fewer than 200 flights.
Which airlines have less than 200 flights?
What are flight numbers of Airline "United Airlines"?
Which flight numbers correspond to United Airlines flights?
What are flight numbers of flights departing from Airport "APG"?
Give the flight numbers of flights leaving from APG.
What are flight numbers of flights arriving at Airport "APG"?
Give the flight numbers of flights landing at APG.
What are flight numbers of flights departing from City "Aberdeen "?
Give the flight numbers of flights leaving from Aberdeen.
What are flight numbers of flights arriving at City "Aberdeen"?
Give the flight numbers of flights arriving in Aberdeen.
Find the number of flights landing in the city of Aberdeen or Abilene.
How many flights land in Aberdeen or Abilene?
Find the name of airports which do not have any flight in and out.
Which airports do not have departing or arriving flights?
