nl_question
How many aircrafts do we have?
How many aircrafts exist in the database?
Show name and distance for all aircrafts.
What are the names and distances for all airplanes?
Show ids for all aircrafts with more than 1000 distance.
What are the ids of all aircrafts that can cover a distance of more than 1000?
How many aircrafts have distance between 1000 and 5000?
What is the count of aircrafts that have a distance between 1000 and 5000?
What is the name and distance for aircraft with id 12?
What is the name and distance for the aircraft that has an id of 12?
What is the minimum, average, and maximum distance of all aircrafts.
Return the minimum, average and maximum distances traveled across all aircrafts.
Show the id and name of the aircraft with the maximum distance.
What is the id and name of the aircraft that can cover the maximum distance?
Show the name of aircrafts with top three lowest distances.
What are the aircrafts with top 3 shortest lengthes? List their names.
Show names for all aircrafts with distances more than the average.
What are the names of all aircrafts that can cover more distances than average?
How many employees do we have?
What is the number of employees?
Show name and salary for all employees sorted by salary.
What is the name and salary of all employees in order of salary?
Show ids for all employees with at least 100000 salary.
What is the id of every employee who has at least a salary of  100000?
How many employees have salary between 100000 and 200000?
What is the number of employees that have a salary between 100000 and 200000?
What is the name and salary for employee with id 242518965?
What is the name and salary of the employee with the id 242518965?
What is average and maximum salary of all employees.
What is the average and largest salary of all employees?
Show the id and name of the employee with maximum salary.
What is the id and name of the employee with the highest salary?
Show the name of employees with three lowest salaries.
What is the name of the 3 employees who get paid the least?
Show names for all employees with salary more than the average.
What are the names of all employees who have a salary higher than average?
Show the id and salary of Mark Young.
What is the id and salary of the employee named Mark Young?
How many flights do we have?
What is the number of flights?
Show flight number, origin, destination of all flights in the alphabetical order of the departure cities.
What is the flight number, origin, and destination for all flights in alphabetical order by departure cities?
Show all flight number from Los Angeles.
What are the numbers of all flights coming from Los Angeles?
Show origins of all flights with destination Honolulu.
What are the origins of all flights that are headed to Honolulu?
Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
What are the departure and arrival dates of all flights from LA to Honolulu?
Show flight number for all flights with more than 2000 distance.
What are the numbers of all flights that can cover a distance of more than 2000?
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
What is the average price for flights from LA to Honolulu?
Show origin and destination for flights with price higher than 300.
What is the origin and destination for all flights whose price is higher than 300?
Show the flight number and distance of the flight with maximum price.
What is the flight number and its distance for the one with the maximum price?
Show the flight number of flights with three lowest distances.
What are the numbers of the shortest flights?
What is the average distance and average price for flights from Los Angeles.
What is the average distance and price for all flights from LA?
Show all origins and the number of flights from each origin.
For each origin, how many flights came from there?
Show all destinations and the number of flights to each destination.
What are the destinations and number of flights to each one?
Which origin has most number of flights?
What place has the most flights coming from there?
Which destination has least number of flights?
What destination has the fewest number of flights?
What is the aircraft name for the flight with number 99
What is the name of the aircraft that was on flight number 99?
Show all flight numbers with aircraft Airbus A340-300.
What are the flight numbers for the aircraft Airbus A340-300?
Show aircraft names and number of flights for each aircraft.
What is the name of each aircraft and how many flights does each one complete?
Show names for all aircraft with at least two flights.
What are the names for all aircrafts with at least 2 flights?
How many employees have certificate.
What is the count of distinct employees with certificates?
Show ids for all employees who don't have a certificate.
What are the ids of all employees that don't have certificates?
Show names for all aircrafts of which John Williams has certificates.
What are the names of all aircrafts that John Williams have certificates to be able to fly?
Show names for all employees who have certificate of Boeing 737-800.
What are the names of all employees who have a certificate to fly Boeing 737-800?
Show names for all employees who have certificates on both Boeing 737-800 and Airbus A340-300.
What are the names of all employees who can fly both the Boeing 737-800 and the Airbus A340-300?
Show names for all employees who do not have certificate of Boeing 737-800.
What are the names of all employees who are not certified to fly Boeing 737-800s?
Show the name of aircraft which fewest people have its certificate.
What are the names of the aircraft that the least people are certified to fly?
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts with more than 5000 distance and which at least 5 people have its certificate.
What is the name and distance of every aircraft that can cover a distance of more than 5000 and which at least 5 people can fly?
what is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates?
What is the salaray and name of the employee that is certified to fly the most planes?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000?
What is the salaray and name of the employee with the most certificates to fly planes more than 5000?
