nl_question
What is the name of the race held most recently?
What is the name of the race that occurred most recently?
What is the name and date of the most recent race?
What is the name and date of the race that occurred most recently?
Find the names of all races held in 2017.
What are the names of all the races that occurred in the year 2017?
Find the distinct names of all races held between 2014 and 2017?
What are the unique names of all race held between 2014 and 2017?
List the forename and surname of all distinct drivers who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds?
What are the forenames and surnames of all unique drivers who had a lap time of less than 93000 milliseconds?
Find all the distinct id and nationality of drivers who have had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds?
What are the different driver ids and nationalities of all drivers who had a laptime of more than 100000 milliseconds?
What are the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest laptime?
What is the forename and surname of the driver with the shortest laptime?
What is the id and family name of the driver who has the longest laptime?
What is the id and last name of the driver with the longest laptime?
What is the id, forname and surname of the driver who had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice?
What is the id, first name, and last name of the driver who was in the first position for laptime at least twice?
How many drivers participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009?
How many drivers were in the Australian Grand Prix held in 2009?
How many drivers did not participate in the races held in 2009?
How many drivers did not race in 2009?
Give me a list of names and years of races that had any driver whose forename is Lewis?
What are the names and years of all races that had a driver with the last name Lewis?
Find the forename and surname of drivers whose nationality is German?
What is the first and last name of all the German drivers?
Find the id and forenames of drivers who participated both the races with name Australian Grand Prix and the races with name Chinese Grand Prix?
What is the id and first name of all the drivers who participated in the Australian Grand Prix and the Chinese Grand Prix?
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers who participated in the races named Australian Grand Prix but not the races named Chinese Grand Prix?
What are the first and last names of all drivers who participated in the Australian Grand Prix but not the Chinese Grand Prix?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who was in position 1 as standing and won?
What are all the different first names of the drivers who are in position as standing and won?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points?
What are the first names of the different drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points?
What are the numbers of constructors for different nationalities?
For each nationality, how many different constructors are there?
What are the numbers of races for each constructor id?
For each constructor id, how many races are there?
What are the names of races that were held after 2017 and the circuits were in the country of Spain?
What are the names of the races held after 2017 in Spain?
What are the unique names of races that held after 2000 and the circuits were in Spain?
What are the names of all races held after 2000 in Spain?
Find the distinct driver id and the stop number of all drivers that have a shorter pit stop duration than some drivers in the race with id 841.
What is the id and stop number for each driver that has a shorter pit stop than the driver in the race with id 841?
Find the distinct driver id of all drivers that have a longer stop duration than some drivers in the race whose id is 841?
What are the different ids and stop durations of all the drivers whose stop lasted longer than the driver in the race with the id 841?
List the forenames of all distinct drivers in alphabetical order?
What are the first names of all the different drivers in alphabetical order?
List the names of all distinct races in reversed  lexicographic order?
What are the different names of all the races in reverse alphabetical order?
What are the names of races held between 2009 and 2011?
What are the names of all races held between 2009 and 2011?
What are the names of races held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
What are the names of all races that occurred after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
What are the drivers' first, last names and id who had more than 8 pit stops or participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the drivers' first names,last names, and ids for all those that had more than 8 stops or participated in more than 5 races?
What are the drivers' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the last names and ids of all drivers who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 races?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010?
What are the names of circuits that belong to UK or Malaysia?
What are the names of all the circuits that are in the UK or Malaysia?
Find the id and location of circuits that belong to France or Belgium?
What are the ids and locations of all circuits in France or Belgium?
Find the names of Japanese constructors that have once earned more than 5 points?
What are the names of all the Japanese constructors that have earned more than 5 points?
What is the average fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What is the average fastest lap speed for the Monaco Grand Prix in 2008?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in the Monaco Grand Prix in 2008?
What are the maximum fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
For each race name, What is the maximum fastest lap speed for races after 2004 ordered by year?
What are the average fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
What is the average fastest lap speed for races held after 2004, for each race, ordered by year?
Find the id, forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races?
What is the id, forename, and number of races for all drivers that have participated in at least 2 races?
Find the driver id and number of races of all drivers who have at most participated in 30 races?
For each id of a driver who participated in at most 30 races, how many races did they participate in?
Find the id and surname of the driver who participated the most number of races?
What are the ids and last names of all drivers who participated in the most races?
