nl_question
How many video games exist?
How many video games do you have?
How many video game types exist?
What is the count of different game types?
Show all video game types.
What are the different types of video games?
Show all video games and their types in the order of their names.
What are the names of all the video games and their types in alphabetical order?
Show all video games with type Collectible card game.
What are the names of all video games that are collectible cards?
What is the type of video game Call of Destiny.
What type of game is Call of Destiny?
How many video games have type Massively multiplayer online game?
Count the number of video games with Massively multiplayer online game type .
Show all video game types and the number of video games in each type.
What are the types of video games and how many are in each type?
Which game type has most number of games?
What type has the most games?
Which game type has least number of games?
What is the type with the fewest games?
Show ids for all students who live in CHI.
What are the ids of all students who live in CHI?
Show ids for all students who have advisor 1121.
What are the ids of all students who have advisor number 1121?
Show first name for all students with major 600.
What are the first names for all students who are from the major numbered 600?
Show the average, minimum, and maximum age for different majors.
What are the average, minimum, and max ages for each of the different majors?
Show all advisors who have at least two students.
What are the advisors
How many sports do we have?
How many different types of sports do we offer?
How many students play sports?
How many different students are involved in sports?
List ids for all student who are on scholarship.
What are the ids for all sporty students who are on scholarship?
Show last names for all student who are on scholarship.
What are the last names for all scholarship students?
How many games are played for all students?
What is the total number of games played?
How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship?
What is the total number of all football games played by scholarship students?
Show all sport name and the number of students.
How many students play each sport?
Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
What are the ids of all students along with how many sports and games did they play?
Show all student IDs with more than total 10 hours per week on all sports played.
What are the student IDs for everybody who worked for more than 10 hours per week on all sports?
What is the first name and last name of the student who have most number of sports?
What is the first and last name of the student who played the most sports?
Which sport has most number of students on scholarship?
What is the sport with the most scholarship students?
Show student ids who don't have any sports.
What are the ids of all students who don't play sports?
Show student ids who are on scholarship and have major 600.
What are the student ids for those on scholarship in major number 600?
Show student ids who are female and play football.
What are the ids of all female students who play football?
Show all male student ids who don't play football.
What are the ids of all male students who do not play football?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for student David Shieber.
What is the total number of hours per work and number of games played by David Shieber?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for students under 20.
What is the total number of hours per week and number of games played by students under 20?
How many students play video games?
How many different students play games?
Show ids of students who don't play video game.
What are the ids of all students who are not video game players?
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
What are the ids of all students who played video games and sports?
Show all game ids and the number of hours played.
What are ids and total number of hours played for each game?
Show all student ids and the number of hours played.
What are the ids of all students and number of hours played?
Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
What is the name of the game that has been played the most?
Show all game names played by at least 1000 hours.
What are the names of all the games that have been played for at least 1000 hours?
Show all game names played by Linda Smith
What are the names of all games played by Linda Smith?
Find the last and first name of students who are playing Football or Lacrosse.
What is the first and last name of all students who play Football or Lacrosse?
Find the first name and age of the students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse.
What are the first names and ages of all students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse?
Find the last name and gender of the students who are playing both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius games.
what is the last name and gender of all students who played both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius?
