nl_question
How many gas companies are there?
What is the total number of companies?
List the company name and rank for all companies in the decreasing order of their sales.
What is the name and rank of every company ordered by descending number of sales?
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies whose headquarters are not from USA.
What are the companies and main industries of all companies that are not headquartered in the United States?
Show all company names and headquarters in the descending order of market value.
What are the names and headquarters of all companies ordered by descending market value?
Show minimum, maximum, and average market value for all companies.
What is the minimum, maximum, and average market value for every company?
Show all main industry for all companies.
What are the different main industries for all companies?
List all headquarters and the number of companies in each headquarter.
For each headquarter, what are the headquarter and how many companies are centered there?
Show all main industry and total market value in each industry.
What are the main indstries and total market value for each industry?
List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
For each main industry, what is the total number of companies for the industry with the highest total market value?
Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
What are the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry?
Show gas station id, location, and manager_name for all gas stations ordered by open year.
What are the gas station ids, locations, and manager names for the gas stations ordered by opening year?
How many gas station are opened between 2000 and 2005?
What is the total number of gas stations that opened between 2000 and 2005?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
For each location, how many gas stations are there in order?
Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas.
What are the headquarters that have both a company in the banking and 'oil and gas' industries?
Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
What are the headquarters without companies that are in the banking industry?
Show the company name with the number of gas station.
For each company id, what are the companies and how many gas stations does each one operate?
Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
What are the main industries of the companies without gas stations and what are the companies?
Show the manager name for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company.
What are the names of the managers for gas stations that are operated by the ExxonMobil company?
Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
What are the locations that have gas stations owned by a company with a market value greater than 100?
Show the manager name with most number of gas stations opened after 2000.
What is the name of the manager with the most gas stations that opened after 2000?
order all gas station locations by the opening year.
What are the locations of all the gas stations ordered by opening year?
find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
What is the rank, company, and market value of every comapny in the banking industry ordered by sales and profits?
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts.
What are the locations and representatives' names of the gas stations owned by the companies with the 3 largest amounts of assets?
