nl_question
List details of all the channel in alphabetical order .
What is the list of channel details ordered alphabetically ?
How many services are there?
Count the number of services.
What is the most common analytical layer type code?
Find the analytical layer type code that appears most often.
Find all the services that has been used by the customer with details "Hardy Kutch".
Which services were used by the customer with details "Hardy Kutch"? Give me the service details.
Find the details of the services that have been used by more than 3 times .
Which services were used by customers by more than 3 times? Give me the service details.
Find the details of the customer who has used services the most times.
return the details of the customer with largest count of used services.
Find the name of the customer who has used the most types of services .
Which customer has used the most types of services ? Give me the customer details .
Find the details of the customer who has never used any services .
Which customers never used any services ? Give me the customer details .
Find the details of the customers who have used the least-used service .
Which customers used the least commonly-used service ? Give me the distinct customer details .
How many distinct customer and services details are there?
Count the total number of available customers and services details.
Find all the customers whose name contains "Kutch".
What are the details of the customers who have "Kutch" in part of their details?
Find the name of all the services which either have been used by customer "Hardy Kutch" or have been rated as "good" in one of the customer interactions.
Which services are used by the customer "Hardy Kutch" or are rated as "good" in a customer interaction? Give me the service details.
Find the names of all the services which both have been used by customer "Hardy Kutch" and have been rated "bad" in one of the customer interactions.
Which services are both used by the customer "Hardy Kutch" and are rated as "bad" in a customer interaction? Give me the service details.
Find details of all the services that have interacted with `` 15 ij '' for the the channel details.
Give me the details of all the services that have interacted with the channel with detail "15 ij".
Find all the details of the customers who have been involved in an interaction with status `` Stuck '' and service and channel detail `` bad '' .
Which customers have experienced status "Stuck" and service and channel detail "bad" in  an interaction? Give me the customer details.
How many integration platforms are successful?
Count the number of integration platforms that have "Success" in the details.
List the details of all the customers who are associated with a failed integration platform .
Which customers have integration platform details "Fail" in interactions? Give me the customer details.
Which service ( s ) has never been used by any customer ? List their details .
Find details of the services that no customer has ever used . Return the service details .
Find all the layer type codes with their corresponding usage count.
For each analytical layer, return the analytical layer type code and the number of times it was used.
Find details of all the services that have been marked as `` unsatisfied '' in customers and services details .
Which services have been rated as "unsatisfied" in customers and services details? Give me the service_details.
