nl_question
How many gymnasts are there?
Count the number of gymnasts.
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order.
What are the total points for all gymnasts, ordered by total points descending?
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order of floor exercise points.
What are the total points of gymnasts, ordered by their floor exercise points descending?
What is the average horizontal bar points for all gymnasts?
Return the average horizontal bar points across all gymnasts.
What are the names of people in ascending alphabetical order?
Return the names of people, ordered alphabetically.
What are the names of gymnasts?
Return the names of the gymnasts.
What are the names of gymnasts whose hometown is not "Santo Domingo"?
Return the names of gymnasts who did not grow up in Santo Domingo.
What is the age of the tallest person?
Return the age of the person with the greatest height.
List the names of the top 5 oldest people.
What are the names of the five oldest people?
What is the total point count of the youngest gymnast?
Return the total points of the gymnast with the lowest age.
What is the average age of all gymnasts?
Return the average age across all gymnasts.
What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5?
Give the different hometowns of gymnasts that have a total point score of above 57.5.
What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts?
How many gymnasts are from each hometown?
What is the most common hometown of gymnasts?
Return the hometown that is most common among gymnasts.
What are the hometowns that are shared by at least two gymnasts?
Give the hometowns from which two or more gymnasts are from.
List the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights.
What are the names of gymnasts, ordered by their heights ascending?
List the distinct hometowns that are not associated with any gymnast.
From which hometowns did no gymnasts come from?
Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20.
From which hometowns did both people older than 23 and younger than 20 come from?
How many distinct hometowns did these people have?
Count the number of different hometowns of these people.
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points.
What are the ages of the gymnasts, ordered descending by their total points?
