nl_question
Find the model of the most expensive headphone.
Which headphone model has the highest price?
List all different headphone models in the alphabetical order.
Return the list of distinct headphone models ordered alphabetically.
Which headphone class is the most common one?
Which headphone class contains the most headphones?
Which headphone class does have more than two headphones?
Find the headphone class that does not contain more than two headphones.
Find the number of headphones with a price higher than 200 for each class.
How many headphones cost more than 200 for each headphone class?
how many different earpads are there?
Count the number of different earpads.
Find the top 2 earpads that are mostly used.
What are the top 2 earpads in terms of the number of headphones using them?
What are the model, class, and construction of the cheapest headphone?
Find the model, class, and construction of the headphone with the lowest price.
Find the average price for each headphone construction.
How much does headphones cost on average for each headphone construction?
Which headphone classes have both headphones with "Bowls" and headphones with "Comfort Pads" earpads?
Find the headphone classes that contain both headphones using "Bowls" earpads and headphones using "Comfort Pads" earpads.
Which earpads never use plastic construction?
Find all earpads that do not use plastic construction.
Find the headphone models whose price is below the average price.
What are the headphone models that cost less than the average price?
Sort all store names by store open date.
Give me a list of store names, sorted by store open date.
List name and parking info for the stores in the Tarzana neighborhood.
Which stores are located in the "Tarzana" neighborhood? Return their names and parking information.
How many different neighborhoods are there for all stores?
Count the number of distinct neighborhoods stores are located.
find the number of stores in each neighborhood.
How many stores are there in each neighborhood?
Find the name of the store which has the most headphones in stock. List the number of headphones as well.
Which store has the headphones in stock? Give me the store name and the total quantity.
Find the name of stores which have no headphone in stock.
Which stores do not have any headphones in stock? Give me the store names.
Which headphone models do not have any stock in any store?
Find the headphone models that are not in stock in any store.
Which headphone model has the largest quantity of stock across all the stores?
Find the headphone model whose total quantity in stock is the largest.
How many headphones are stored in the Woodman store?
Find the total quantity of headphones stored in the Woodman store.
Which neighborhood does not have any headphone in stock?
Find the neighborhood where no headphones are in stock.
