nl_question
Which department has the largest number of employees?
Find the department with the most employees.
What is the employee id of the head whose department has the least number of employees?
Tell me the employee id of the head of the department with the least employees.
what is the name and position of the head whose department has least number of employees?
Find the name and position of the head of the department with the least employees.
What are names of patients who made an appointment?
List the names of patients who have made appointments.
what are name and phone number of patients who had more than one appointment?
Which patients made more than one appointment? Tell me the name and phone number of these patients.
Find the id of the appointment with the most recent start date?
What is the id of the appointment that started most recently?
List the name of physicians who took some appointment.
What are the names of all the physicians who took appointments.
List the name of physicians who never took any appointment.
Which physicians have never taken any appointment? Find their names.
Find the names of all physicians and their primary affiliated departments' names.
What are the name and primarily affiliated department name of each physician?
What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment?
Find the name of the patient who made the appointment with the most recent start date.
How many patients stay in room 112?
Count the number of patients who stayed in room 112.
How many patients' prescriptions are made by physician John Dorian?
Find the number of patients' prescriptions physician John Dorian made.
Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111?
What is the name of the medication used for the patient staying in room 111?
Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 111.
What is the id of the patient who stayed in room 111 most recently?
What is the name of the nurse has the most appointments?
Find the name of the nurse who has the largest number of appointments.
How many patients do each physician take care of? List their names and number of patients they take care of.
Return the name of each physician and the number of patients he or she treats.
Find the name of physicians who are in charge of more than one patient.
Which physicians are in charge of more than one patient? Give me their names.
Find the number of rooms located on each block floor.
How many rooms does each block floor have?
Find the number of rooms for different block code?
How many rooms are located for each block code?
What are the unique block codes that have available rooms?
Tell me the distinct block codes where some rooms are available.
How many different types of rooms are there?
Find the number of distinct room types available.
What is the names of the physicians who prescribe medication Thesisin?
List the names of all the physicians who prescribe Thesisin as medication.
Find the name and position of physicians who prescribe some medication whose brand is X?
Which physicians prescribe a medication of brand X? Tell me the name and position of those physicians.
Find the number of medications prescribed for each brand.
How many medications are prescribed for each brand?
Find the name of physicians whose position title contains the word 'senior'.
What are the names of the physicians who have 'senior' in their titles.
Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment?
Which patient is undergoing the most recent treatment?
Find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111.
What are the names of patients who are staying in room 111 and have an undergoing treatment?
List the names of all distinct nurses ordered by alphabetical order?
What is the alphabetically ordered list of all the distinct names of nurses?
Find the names of nurses who are nursing an undergoing treatment.
Which nurses are in charge of patients undergoing treatments?
List the names of all distinct medications, ordered in an alphabetical order.
What is the alphabetically ordered list of all distinct medications?
What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
Find the physician who prescribed the highest dose. What is his or her name?
List the physicians' employee ids together with their primary affiliation departments' ids.
What are each physician's employee id and department id primarily affiliated.
List the names of departments where some physicians are primarily affiliated with.
What are the names of departments that have primarily affiliated physicians.
What nurses are on call with block floor 1 and block code 1? Tell me their names.
Find the ids of the nurses who are on call in block floor 1 and block code 1.
What are the highest cost, lowest cost and average cost of procedures?
Tell me the highest, lowest, and average cost of procedures.
List the name and cost of all procedures sorted by the cost from the highest to the lowest.
Sort the list of names and costs of all procedures in the descending order of cost.
Find the three most expensive procedures.
What are the three most costly procedures?
Find the physicians who are trained in a procedure that costs more than 5000.
Which physicians are trained in procedures that are more expensive than 5000?
Find the physician who was trained in the most expensive procedure?
Which physician was trained in the procedure that costs the most.
What is the average cost of procedures that physician John Wen was trained in?
Compute the mean price of procedures physician John Wen was trained in.
Find the names of procedures which physician John Wen was trained in.
What are the names of procedures physician John Wen was trained in?
Find all procedures which cost more than 1000 or which physician John Wen was trained in.
What are the procedures that cost more than 1000 or are specialized in by physician John Wen?
Find the names of all procedures which cost more than 1000 but which physician John Wen was not trained in?
Among the procedures that cost more than 1000, which were not specialized in by physician John Wen?
Find the names of all procedures such that the cost is less than 5000 and physician John Wen was trained in.
What procedures cost less than 5000 and have John Wen as a trained physician?
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with both Surgery and Psychiatry departments.
Which physicians are affiliated with both Surgery and Psychiatry departments? Tell me their names.
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with Surgery or Psychiatry department.
Which physicians are affiliated with either Surgery or Psychiatry department? Give me their names.
Find the names of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
What are the names of patients who are not taking the medication of Procrastin-X.
Find the number of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
How many patients are not using Procrastin-X as medication?
How many appointments are there?
Count how many appointments have been made in total.
Find the names of nurses who are on call.
What are the distinct names of nurses on call?
