nl_question
Please list the social security numbers of the male employees with a salary of over $70,000 a year.
What is the required education for the position of regional manager?
In which city's office does Sandy Adams work at?
Among the employees working at the office in New York, how many of them have a good job performance?
How much higher is James Johnson's salary from the minimum salary of his title?
Please list the full names of the employees who are working as a Trainee.
Which employee's job position requires a higher education level, Jose Rodriguez or Sandy Adams?
Please list the zip codes of the offices where all the male employees with a good job performance work at.
Among the employees who work as a Trainee, how many of them have a salary of over &20,000 a year?
What is the average salary of the employees who work as a Trainee?
State the name of the city where Jose Rodriguez works.
In which state does Emily Wood work?
What is the education required for David Whitehead to reach his current position?
Who is the highest paid employee in "Boston"? Give the full name.
Who is the employee in “New York City” with a good performance? Give the social security number of the employee.
Give the full address of the office of the highest paid manager.
What is the max salary for 'Tracy Coulter' if he/she stays on his/her position?
Who is the employee with the highest salary? Specify his/her full name.
How many positions have a maximum salary of no more than US$1000,000?
How much is the minimum salary given to the position with the most complex work?
What is the full office location address where most of the employees work at?
Which position has the highest amount of poor performing employees?
Which position has the highest number of female employees with a 2 year degree?
How many Account Representatives are there in Illinois with satisfying performance?
In which state can you find the highest amount of good performing Account Representatives?
When was Emily Wood hired? Mention her position and salary.
What are the maximum and minimum salary range and position title of Bill Marlin?
Mention the full name, hired date and performance status of the employee whose location is in Utah state.
What is the education required to be account representative? Mention account representative full name and salary who got poor in performance status.
Describe the employees' full name, positions, located city and office phone number within Colorado state.
Calculate the monthly average salary of the employee with highest salary. Mention his name, position title and location city.
How many emplyees have a good job performance?
What is the office phone number of the location at which Sandy Adams works?
How many employees work as an Account Representative?
Give the number of female employees.
How many employees whose performance is poor have a salary of over $50,000 per year?
How much is the salary of the first ever employee that was hired?
How many male Regional Managers are there?
What is the average salary of the worst performing managers?
Which city and address has zip code of above 90000?
Which positions are suitable with 4 years degree education?
Among the employees with poor performance, provide the managers' full names, location city, address and its zip code.
How many male employees work at the address 450 Peachtree Rd?
Mention the employee's full name and performance status who got the lowest in salary per year.
What is the maximum salary of position "Trainer"?
Which position has a lower minimum salary, Account Representative or Trainee?
What is Kenneth Charles's position title?
