nl_question
What is the ID of the image with the most number of object samples?
How many self-relations are there between the object samples in image no.5?
Please list the classes of all the object samples in image no.1.
Please list the IDs of all the images with more than 2 pairs of object samples with the relation "parked on".
To which predicted relation class does the self-relation of the object sample in image no.5 belong?
What is the percentage of the object samples in the class of "man" in image no.1?
Give the bounding box of the kite in image no.2324765.
How many white objects are there in image no.2347915?
Give the object number of the sample which has the relationship of "lying on" with object sample no.1 from image no.2345524.
How many samples of food object are there in image no.6?
List all the ids of the images that have a self-relation relationship.
How many objects are there in the attribute class id with the highest number of objects?
What are the corresponding classes for the "very large bike" attribute?
What is the unique id number identifying the onion object class?
List all the corresponding classes for attributes of image id 8.
Which image has the highest number of "white" class attributes?
What are the x and y coordinates of all the images with a prediction relationship class id of 98?
How many prediction classes with "has" captions are there for image id 3050?
List all the explanations about object classes of all the images with an x and y coordinate of 0.
Give all the bounding boxes for image 2222 whose object classes are feathers.
Provide the dimensions of the bounding box that contains the keyboard that was spotted in image no. 3.
Define the onion's bounding box on image no. 285930.
On image no. 5, name the attributes that are composed of multiple objects.
How many images contain 'bridge' as an object element?
What is the relationship between object sample no. 25 and object sample no. 2 on image no. 1?
On image no. 20, identify the attribute ID that is composed of the highest number of objects.
State the explanation about object class 10.
Name the object class of the image with a bounding (422, 63, 77, 363).
What is the caption for the prediction class id 12?
Indicate the bounding box of the image 8.
How many object samples in image no.908 are in the class of tip?
List out the number of object samples in image no.41 which are in the class of "kitchen"?
Count the image numbers that contain the "paint" object.
How many samples of clouds are there in the image no.2315533?
What is the bounding box of "spoon" in image id 1344?
What is the percentage of "surface" object samples in image No.2654?
How many images include the "wood" objects?
How many samples of animal objects are there in image no.660?
Name number of samples of "bed" object are there in the image No.1098?
Which images have more than 20 object samples?
Which object in image 8 is the widest? State its object sample ID.
Which object has the highest attribute classes?
Calculate the average of object samples for the image.
List all the IDs of images that have objects with the attributes of 'wired'.
State the width and height of the object with the class of 'van' in image 1.
How many images have "vegetable" and "fruits" as their object classes?
How many images have "keyboard" as their object class?
List all the ID of the images that have an attribute class of "horse".
List all the attribute classes of the image ID "15".
For those objects that have multiple relations, how many images have a prediction class of "reading"?
List all the attribute classes of the images that have a (5,5) coordinate.
Calculate the average number of images with an attribute class of "keyboard".
List all the attribute classes of image ID 22.
Write 10 coordinates with the object class "pizza."
What is the most common object class of image ID 56?
Write the object classes of image ID 22 alongside the object's width and height.
How many 'has' predicate classes does image ID 107 have?
Name the most common predicate class of image ID 4434.
Count the number of 'dress' object classes and include their X and Y coordinates in image ID 1764.
How many 'blue' attribute classes are there on image ID 2355735?
What is the average width and height of the objects in image ID 47? List their object classes as well.
How many images have over 20 object samples?
Please list the IDs of the object samples in class no. 297 in image no.1.
How many images have at least one object sample in the class of "man"?
State the total number of the attribute classes.
How many object classes are there in the database?
Provide the number of predicted classes.
How many times is the number of images containing "broccoli" than "tomato"?
What are the id of all the objects belonging to the transportation class?
What is the object class of the image with a bounding box of 0, 0, 135, 212?
How many object elements are there on average in each image?
Which object classes belong to the onion category?
Calculate the percentage of "airplane" object class in the table.
List all the object classes in image 10.
State the name of the object class that has in most images.
What are the width and height of the bounding box of the object with "keyboard" as their object class and (5, 647) as their coordinate?
List all bounding box widths and heights of object sample ID 2.
In the Y coordinate of image ID 12, how many are 0?
What object class is in the X and Y coordinates of 126 and 363?
Give the number of samples in image no.2377985 whose attribute is electrical.
Give the number of images containing the object sample of "suit".
How many object elements can be detected on image no. 31?
State the object class of the image with tallest bounding box.
How many images have an x-coordinate of 5 and y-coordinate of 5?
How many images have a total of 10 attribute classes?
List all the object classes of the images that have a (5,5) coordinate.
What is the relation between object sample no.8 and object sample no.4 in image no.1?
What is the relationship between "feathers" and "onion" in image no.2345528?
What are the captions of all the self-relation relationship prediction classes?
Among the objects that have multiple relations, how many images whose captions for the prediction class ids are "on"?
Find the object in image 5 where the object with the coordinate of (634, 468).
What is the ratio between the number of object samples in image 1 and the number of object samples in image 6?
Calculate the percentage of object samples that are related to street lights.
How many images have less than 15 object samples?
Provide the x-coordinate and y-coordinate of the image with an attribute class of ''horse" and an object class of "fur".
