nl_question
What year is the movie " The Imitation Game " from ?
What year was the movie " The Imitation Game " produced
What year was " Benedict Cumberbatch " born ?
In what year was " Benedict Cumberbatch " born
What is the nationality of the actress " Christoph Waltz " ?
What is the nationality of the actor " Christoph Waltz " ?
Find all movies produced in 2015
Find all actors born in " Tehran "
Find all actors born in Tehran
Which actors were born in Tehran
Find all actors who are from Afghanistan
Find all actors from Afghanistan
Give me the name of all the actors from Afghanistan
Find all actors who were born in 1984
When was " Kevin Spacey " born ?
In what year was " Kevin Spacey " born ?
Where is the birth place of " Kevin Spacey "
In what city was " Kevin Spacey " born ?
What is the nationality of " Kevin Spacey " ?
How much was the budget of " Finding Nemo "
Find all movies directed by " Steven Spielberg " after 2006
Who is the director of the movie " James Bond " ?
Who directed the movie " James Bond " ?
List " James Bond " directors
Find the actor who played " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game "
Who acted " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game " ?
Who was the actor that played " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game " ?
Who acts as " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game " ?
Who is the actor playing " Alan Turing " in " The Imitation Game " ?
What is the genre of the movie " Jurassic Park " ?
Who was the director of the movie Joy from 2015 ?
Find all movies written by " Matt Damon "
Find all movies written and produced by " Woody Allen "
Find all movies featuring " Robin Wright "
What are all the movies featuring " Robin Wright " ?
Find all movies in which " Robin Wright " appears
What was the budget of the movie Juno from 2007 ?
Find all Sci-Fi produced in year 2010
List all the Sci-Fi movies which released in 2010
Find all actors born in " Austin " after 1980
Who are the actors born in " Austin " after 1980 ?
Find all actors from Austin born after 1980
Find all movies by directors born in " Los Angeles "
Find all actors who were born in " New York City " in 1984
Find all movies about nuclear weapons
What are the movies related to nuclear weapons
Which movies did " Alfred Hitchcock " direct ?
Find all movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi " and featuring " Taraneh Alidoosti "
What are all the movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi " featuring " Taraneh Alidoosti " ?
How many movies are there that are directed by " Asghar Farhadi " and featuring " Taraneh Alidoosti " ?
List all the movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi " in which " Taraneh Alidoosti " played
What are all the tv series created by " Shonda Rhimes " ?
Who acts " Olivia Pope " in the series Scandal ?
Who is the writer of the movie " The Truman Show "
Who is the writer of " The Truman Show "
What are the series featuring " Scott Foley " ?
What are the series in which " Scott Foley " is an actor ?
Find the directors of all movies featuring " Kate Winslet "
Find the producers of all movies in which " Kate Winslet " is an actor
Who is the director of the tv series " House of Cards " from 2013 ?
Find all the female actors from Austin
Find all actors from Italy born after 1980
Find all the female actors born in " New York City " after 1980
Find all the female actors in the movie " Saving Private Ryan "
Find all the directors who are from Afghanistan
Find the actors who played in the movie " Camp X-Ray "
Find all actors from Canada who acted in " James Bond " movies
find all films in which " Rowan Atkinson " acted as " Mr. Bean "
where is the director of " The Past " from
who acted the role of " Mr. Bean "
what are the genres of movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi "
Which movie had the character " Daffy Duck "
What are the major roles in the movie " Daddy Long Legs "
List all the directors of movies about nuclear weapons
What is the number of movies in which " Jennifer Aniston " acted after 2010 ?
What is the number of actors in the movie " Saving Private Ryan " ?
How many actors are in the movie " Saving Private Ryan " ?
How many movies did " Steven Spielberg " direct ?
How many movies were produced in the year 2013 ?
What is the number of movies produced in 2013 ?
What is the number of movies directed by " Woody Allen " per year ?
How many movies did " Shahab Hosseini " act in ?
What is the number of movies in which " Shahab Hosseini " acted ?
What is the number of movies featuring " Shahab Hosseini " ?
How many movies did " Shahab Hosseini " act in
How many actors were born in " Los Angeles " after 2000 ?
How many movies did " Humphrey Bogart " act in before 1942 ?
What is the number of movies that " Brad Pitt " acts in per year ?
How many movies about Iraq war were produced in 2015 ?
How many movies about Persians were released after 1990 ?
How many movies did " Quentin Tarantino " direct after 2010 ?
How many movies did " Quentin Tarantino " direct before 2010 ?
How many movies did " Quentin Tarantino " direct before 2002 and after 2010 ?
How many female actors were born in " New York City " after 1980 ?
find the number of actors from Iran who played in " Jim Jarmusch " movies
How many actors from China have acted in " Rush Hour 3 "
Find all movies that star both " Woody Strode " and " Jason Robards "
Find all movies featuring " Woody Strode " and " Jason Robards "
Find all movies featuring both " Woody Strode " and " Jason Robards "
Find all movies featuring " Jason Robards " and " Woody Strode "
Find all actors who acted in the same movie as " Tom Hanks "
What movies have the same director as the movie " Revolutionary Road " ?
Find the movie which is classified in the most number of genres
which movie has the most number of actors from China ?
Find the actors who played in the latest movie by " Quentin Tarantino "
Find the name and budget of the latest movie by " Quentin Tarantino "
What is the latest movie by " Jim Jarmusch "
Which producer has worked with the most number of directors ?
Find the latest movie which " Gabriele Ferzetti " acted in
