nl_question
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $160 and two beds.
What are the names of modern rooms that have a base price lower than $160 and two beds.
Find all the rooms that have a price higher than 160 and can accommodate more than 2 people. Report room names and ids.
What are the room names and ids of all the rooms that cost more than 160 and can accommodate more than two people.
Find the most popular room in the hotel. The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations.
Which room has the largest number of reservations?
How many kids stay in the rooms reserved by ROY SWEAZY?
Find the number of kids staying in the rooms reserved by a person called ROY SWEAZ.
How many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
Find the number of times ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
Which room has the highest rate? List the room's full name, rate, check in and check out date.
Return the name, rate, check in and check out date for the room with the highest rate.
How many adults stay in the room CONRAD SELBIG checked in on Oct 23, 2010?
Find the number of adults for the room reserved and checked in by CONRAD SELBIG on Oct 23, 2010.
How many kids stay in the room DAMIEN TRACHSEL checked in on Sep 21, 2010?
Return the number of kids for the room reserved and checked in by DAMIEN TRACHSEL on  Sep 21, 2010.
How many king beds are there?
Find the total number of king beds available.
List the names and decor of rooms that have a king bed. Sort the list by their price.
What are the names and decor of rooms with a king bed? Sort them by their price
Which room has cheapest base price? List the room's name and the base price.
What are the room name and base price of the room with the lowest base price?
What is the decor of room Recluse and defiance?
Return the decor of the room named "Recluse and defiance".
What is the average base price of different bed type? List bed type and average base price.
For each bed type, find the average base price of different bed type.
What is the total number of people who could stay in the modern rooms in this inn?
How many people in total can stay in the modern rooms of this inn?
What kind of decor has the least number of reservations?
What is the least popular kind of decor?
List how many times the number of people in the room reached the maximum occupancy of the room. The number of people include adults and kids.
How many times the number of adults and kids staying in a room reached the maximum capacity of the room?
Find the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices.
What are the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices?
How many rooms are there?
What is the total number of rooms available in this inn?
Find the number of rooms with a king bed.
How many rooms have a king bed?
Find the number of rooms for each bed type.
What are the number of rooms for each bed type?
Find the name of the room with the maximum occupancy.
What is the name of the room that can accommodate the most people?
Find the id and name of the most expensive base price room.
Which room has the highest base price?
List the type of bed and name of all traditional rooms.
What are the bed type and name of all the rooms with traditional decor?
Find the number of rooms with king bed for each decor type.
How many rooms have king beds? Report the number for each decor type.
Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor.
What is the average minimum and price of the rooms for each different decor.
List the name of all rooms sorted by their prices.
Sort all the rooms according to the price. Just report the room names.
Find the number of rooms with price higher than 120 for different decor.
How many rooms cost more than 120, for each different decor?
For each bed type, find the average room price.
What is the average base price of rooms, for each bed type?
List the name of rooms with king or queen bed.
What are the names of rooms that have either king or queen bed?
How many different types of beds are there?
Find the number of distinct bed types available in this inn.
Find the name and id of the top 3 expensive rooms.
What are the name and id of the three highest priced rooms?
Find the name of rooms whose price is higher than the average price.
What are the name of rooms that cost more than the average.
Find the number of rooms that do not have any reservation.
How many rooms have not had any reservation yet?
Return the name and number of reservations made for each of the rooms.
For each room, find its name and the number of times reservations were made for it.
Find the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times.
What are the names of rooms whose reservation frequency exceeds 60 times?
Find the name of rooms whose base price is between 120 and 150.
Which rooms cost between 120 and 150? Give me the room names.
Find the name of rooms booked by some customers whose first name contains ROY.
What are the name of rooms booked by customers whose first name has "ROY" in part?
