nl_question
How many institutions are there?
Count the number of institutions.
List the names of institutions in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of institutions, ordered alphabetically?
List the names of institutions in ascending order of founded year.
What are the names of institutions, ordered by the years in which they were founded?
What are the cities and provinces of institutions?
Return the cities and provinces of institutions.
What are the maximum and minimum enrollment of all institutions?
Return the maximum and minimum enrollment across all institutions.
What are the affiliations of institutions that are not in city "Vancouver"?
Return the affiliations of instituions that are not in the city of Vancouver.
What are the stadiums of institutions in descending order of the capacity.
Return the stadiums of institutions, ordered by capacity descending.
What is the stadium of the institution with the largest enrollment?
Give the stadium of the institution which is the greatest enrollment.
What are the names and nicknames of institutions?
Return the names of institutions, as well as their nicknames.
What is the nickname of the institution with the smallest enrollment?
Return the nickname of the institution with the lowest enrollment.
List the names of institutions in descending order of the number of championships.
What are the names of institutions, ordered descending by their number of championships?
List the names of institutions with at least one championship.
What are the names of institutions that have 1 or more championships?
What is the total number of championship of institution with public affiliation?
Return the total number of championships of institutions that have a Public affiliation.
What are different types of affiliations of institutions and the corresponding number of institutions?
How many institutions are there for each type of affiliation?
What is the most common type of affiliation for institutions?
Return the most common type of affiliation across all institutions.
In which years were more than one institution founded?
Return the years in which more than 1 institution was founded, as well as the number of institutions founded in each of those.
List the nicknames of institutions in descending order of capacity.
What are the nicknames of institutions, ordered descending by their capacities?
What are the total enrollment of institutions in city `` Vancouver '' or `` Calgary '' ?
Return all the enrollments of institutions in either the city of Vancouver or the city of Calgary .
Show the provinces that have both institutions founded before 1920 and institutions founded after 1950.
What are the provinces that have not only institutions founded before 1920, but also institutions founded after 1950?
How many distinct provinces are the institutions in?
Count the number of different provinces that have institutions.
