nl_question
List the names of all the customers in alphabetical order.
Sort the customer names in alphabetical order.
Find all the policy type codes associated with the customer "Dayana Robel"
What are the type codes of the policies used by the customer "Dayana Robel"?
Which type of policy is most frequently used? Give me the policy type code.
Find the type code of the most frequently used policy.
Find all the policy types that are used by more than 2 customers.
Which types of policy are chosen by more than 2 customers? Give me the policy type codes.
Find the total and average amount paid in claim headers.
What are the total amount and average amount paid in claim headers?
Find the total amount claimed in the most recently created document.
How much amount in total were claimed in the most recently created document?
What is the name of the customer who has made the largest amount of claim in a single claim?
Which customer made the largest amount of claim in a single claim? Return the customer details.
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim?
Which customer made the smallest amount of claim in one claim? Return the customer details.
Find the names of customers who have no policies associated.
What are the names of customers who do not have any policies?
How many claim processing stages are there in total?
Find the number of distinct stages in claim processing.
What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on?
Which claim processing stage has the most claims? Show the claim status name.
Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
Which customers have the substring "Diana" in their names? Return the customer details.
Find the names of the customers who have an deputy policy.
Which customers have an insurance policy with the type code "Deputy"? Give me the customer details.
Find the names of customers who either have an deputy policy or uniformed policy.
Which customers have an insurance policy with the type code "Deputy" or "Uniform"? Return the customer details.
Find the names of all the customers and staff members.
What are the names of the customers and staff members?
Find the number of records of each policy type and its type code.
For each policy type, return its type code and its count in the record.
Find the name of the customer that has been involved in the most policies.
Which customer have the most policies? Give me the customer details.
What is the description of the claim status "Open"?
Find the description of the claim status "Open".
How many distinct claim outcome codes are there?
Count the number of distinct claim outcome codes.
Which customer is associated with the latest policy?
Find the customer who started a policy most recently.
