nl_question
Find all the phone numbers.
What are all the phone numbers?
What are the customer phone numbers under the policy "Life Insurance"?
What are the phone numbers of customers using the policy with the code "Life Insurance"?
Which policy type has the most records in the database?
Which policy type appears most frequently in the available policies?
What are all the customer phone numbers under the most popular policy type?
Find the phone numbers of customers using the most common policy type among the available policies.
Find the policy type used by more than 4 customers.
Find the policy types more than 4 customers use. Show their type code.
Find the total and average amount of settlements.
Return the sum and average of all settlement amounts.
Find the name of services that have been used for more than 2 times in first notification of loss.
Which services have been used more than twice in first notification of loss? Return the service name.
What is the effective date of the claim that has the largest amount of total settlement?
Find the claim that has the largest total settlement amount. Return the effective date of the claim.
How many policies are listed for the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
Count the total number of policies used by the customer named "Dayana Robel".
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed?
Which customer uses the most policies? Give me the customer name.
What are all the policy types of the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
Tell me the types of the policy used by the customer named "Dayana Robel".
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed?
List all the policy types used by the customer enrolled in the most policies.
List all the services in the alphabetical order.
Give me a list of all the service names sorted alphabetically.
How many services are there?
Count the total number of available services.
Find the names of users who do not have a first notification of loss record.
Which customers do not have a first notification of loss record? Give me the customer names.
Find the names of customers who have used either the service "Close a policy" or the service "Upgrade a policy".
Which customers have used the service named "Close a policy" or "Upgrade a policy"? Give me the customer names.
Find the names of customers who have used both the service "Close a policy" and the service "New policy application".
Which customers have used both the service named "Close a policy" and the service named "Upgrade a policy"? Give me the customer names.
Find the IDs of customers whose name contains "Diana".
What are the IDs of customers who have "Diana" in part of their names?
What are the maximum and minimum settlement amount on record?
Find the maximum and minimum settlement amount.
List all the customers in increasing order of IDs.
What is the ordered list of customer ids?
Retrieve the open and close dates of all the policies associated with the customer whose name contains "Diana"
What are the open and close dates of all the policies used by the customer who have "Diana" in part of their names?
