nl_question
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value? List the date the claim was made and the claim id.
Find the claims that led to more than two settlements or have the maximum claim value. For each of them, return the date the claim was made and the id of the claim.
Which customer had at least 2 policies but did not file any claims? List the customer details and id.
Give me the the customer details and id for the customers who had two or more policies but did not file any claims.
List the method, date and amount of all the payments, in ascending order of date.
What are the method, date and amount of each payment? Sort the list in ascending order of date.
Among all the claims, what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Find the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount. Show both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Among all the claims, what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Find the claimed amount in the claim with the least amount settled. Show both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Among all the claims, which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average? List the date the claim was made and the date it was settled.
Give me the claim date, settlement date for all the claims whose claimed amount is larger than the average.
Among all the claims, which settlements have a claimed amount that is no more than the average? List the claim start date.
Return the claim start date for the claims whose claimed amount is no more than the average
How many settlements does each claim correspond to? List the claim id and the number of settlements.
Find the number of settlements each claim corresponds to. Show the number together with the claim id.
Which claim incurred the most number of settlements? List the claim id, the date the claim was made, and the number.
Find the claim id and claim date of the claim that incurred the most settlement count. Also tell me the count.
How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date? List the number and the claim id.
Find the claim id and the number of settlements made for the claim with the most recent settlement date.
Of all the claims, what was the earliest date when any claim was made?
Tell me the the date when the first claim was made.
What is the total amount of settlement made for all the settlements?
Compute the total amount of settlement across all the settlements.
Who are the customers that had more than 1 policy? List the customer details and id.
Find the the customer details and id for the customers who had more than one policy.
What are the claim dates and settlement dates of all the settlements?
Tell me the the claim date and settlement date for each settlement case.
What is the most popular payment method?
Which payment method is used the most often?
With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed?
What is the payment method that were used the least often?
What is the total amount of payment?
Compute the total amount of payment processed.
What are all the distinct details of the customers?
Return the distinct customer details.
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers?
Find the policy type the most customers choose.
How many settlements are there in total?
Count the total number of settlements made.
Which Payments were processed with Visa? List the payment Id, the date and the amount.
Give me the payment Id, the date and the amount for all the payments processed with Visa.
List the details of the customers who do not have any policies.
Which customers do not have any policies? Find the details of these customers.
List the date the claim was made, the date it was settled and the amount settled for all the claims which had exactly one settlement.
Which claims had exactly one settlement? For each, tell me the the date the claim was made, the date it was settled and the amount settled.
Find the total claimed amount of all the claims.
What is total amount claimed summed across all the claims?
