nl_question
What is the title of Catalan language wikipedia page with revision page id '16203226'?
List the titles for all Catalan language wikipedia page from revision page id 106600 to 106700.
Calculate the average number of the word occurrences in which ‘system’ appeared as the first word in the pair.
What is the title of the Catalan language Wikipedia page that has the highest number of different words?
How many words are repeated on the Llista de conflictes armats page?
What number of words are there on revision page 27457362?
Which Wikipedia page number has the highest number of words in the Catalan language?
How many times does the Catalan word "nombre" repeat itself?
List out the title of Catalan language Wikipedia page that has wikipedia revision page id as 106601.
Which word that has 71303 appearance in the Catalan language?
What is the locale of the language of the page titled "Abril"?
How many word that has number of different words equal to 3?
How many words are there on the page titled "Asclepi"?
What is the locale of the language of the page titled "Asclepi"?
How many times did the word "grec" occur on the page titled "Àbac"?
Which word has the most repetitions in the Catalan language? Give the ID of the word.
How many occurrences does the word "panajot" have?
How many times of repetition does the word "exemple" show in the Catalan language?
Among the wikipedia pages on Catalan with more than 300 different words, how many of them have a revision ID of over 28330000?
How many Catalan language wikipedia pages have between 1000 to 2000 number of different words?
List all the first words of the biwords pair where the second word is 'antic'.
What is the total pages of Wikipedia in Catalan language?
What is the wikipedia page id of Arqueozoologia?
Among the title with single digit word count, list down 5 revision page ID of these titles.
What are the words that were paired with "John", list down 10 of them.
How many Catalan-language Wikipedia pages are there overall?
Please list any three Wikipedia pages that are written in Catalan, together with their titles and revision page numbers.
Which word has the most repetitions in the Catalan language?
What percentage of Catalan-language Wikipedia pages have more than 10,000 words?
How many times the word "desena" occurs?
How many words have repetitions greater than 2000 and lower than 5000?
What is the locale of the language of the page titled "Anys 90"?
List out the total pages of the words that has repeated times more than 3000.
What is the occurrence of the word "nombre"?
Which biwords pair has a higher occurrence, "àbac-xinès" or "àbac-grec"?
How many more times does the first word in the biwords pair "àbac-xinès" occur than the biwords pair itself?
Which word that has 274499 repetitions in the Catalan language?
List all the Catalan language wikipedia page title with less than 10 number of different words in these pages.
List the page number for Catalan language wikipedia pages containing the word 'Art' in the page title.
In Abadia, what is the word id of the of the Catalan language that appeared the highest amount of times? Indicate the how many times did they said word id appeared.
What is the total word of title "Adam" and "Acampada"?
What is the percentage of words in the Catalan language that have a repetition of more than 16,000 times?
List out the total pages of Wikipedia in Catalan language.
State the Wikipedia page title that has revision page id of 28040864.
Which of these pages have more words, the page titled "Afluent" or "Asclepi"?
State the word ID for "periodograma".
How many Wikipedia pages with over 4000 different words are there on the Catalan language?
List the page id of wikipedia about Catalan language which have the appearance of the word 'decimal'?
Show all the title of pages and number of occurences for each page where the word 'quipu' appears.
What is the word id of the catalan language that was repeated no more than 10 times in the said language?
How many times did the word pair "i" and "a" appeared in the Cataln language/page?
What is the title of corpus with most words?
List down the page id of titles start with alphabet "b".
What is the title of corpus where word "desena" appear?
What is the word id for title "Sometent"?
List down the revision page id of titles where "fresc" appears.
Indicate which is the word that is repeated the most times.
Calculate the average number of different words that appear on all pages whose title begins with A.
Calculate the percentage of times that the same word appears in a pair.
Indicate on how many different pages the word ripoll appears.
Which Wikipedia page number does the Catalan language's name, Acampada, appear on?
Please list any three Wikipedia pages with more than 300 words.
How many times did the word number 8 appear?
Please list the top three most frequently occurring words and their ids.
What is the language of the pair of words numbered 1 and 616?
What is the second word in the pair of words number 1 and 8968?
How many times on page number 16 does the second word in the pair of words 1 and 109 appear?
What is the percentage of the words that have been repeated under 180 times in the Catalan language?
How many words has the appearance times greater than 10?
How many pages of Wikipedia are there in total on the Catalan language?
Please list the Catalan words with an occurrence of over 200000.
Please list the title of the pages on which the word "grec" occurred for over 20 times.
How many words are there on the page that the word "grec" has occurred for 52 times?
What's the occurrence of the biwords pair whose first word is "àbac" and second word is "xinès"?
Please list all the biwords pairs with "àbac" as its first word.
How many Wikipedia pages are there on the language of the biwords pair "àbac-xinès"?
How much higher in percentage does the word "grec" occur on the page titled "Àbac" than on the page titled "Astronomia"?
How many pages does the Catalan language have in Wikipedia?
What is the word ID for the second word for the biwords pair with most repetitions?
Which word has the time of occurrences as 340691?
For the biwords pair that appears "116430" times, what is the second word of the pair?
Which word has the most appearances in the Wikipedia page with the title of "Agricultura"? Give the word ID.
How many appearances does the word ID No. 2823 have in the Wikipedia page "Astre"?
How many times does the biwords "que gregorio" appear in the language?
How many biword pairs contain the word "base" as the second word?
How many times greater is the appearances of the biword pair "a base" than "a decimal"?
What is the word that occurs the most in the Catalan language?
Please list the titles of the top 3 Wikipedia pages with the most different words on the Catalan language.
How many biwords pairs are there whose second word is "grec"?
Among the biwords pairs with "àbac" as its first word, how many of them have an occurrence of over 10?
