nl_question
Please list all the keywords of the episode "Refuge: Part 1".
What is the title of the episode with the keyword "laundering money"?
Please list all the keywords for the episodes with a rating of over 8.
How many votes did the episode titled "Cherished" get in total?
What is the title of the episode that got the most 10-star votes?
Park Dietz was credited in which role in the episode titled "Cherished"?
How many people had filled a role in the episode titled "Cherished", but did not show up in the on-screen credits?
Who was credited as "technical advisor" in the episode titled "Cherished"?
For how many times was Park Dietz credited?
Please list the titles of all the episodes in which Park Dietz was credited.
How many keywords are there in the episode Disciple?
Which episode got the most 1 star votes? Give its title.
Describe what happened in the episode of award no.296.
Which role did Joseph Blair play in the show?
How many awards has Rene Balcer been nominated for?
For the episode with the most votes, give its air date.
Who was nominated for award no.313? Give the full name.
Display the number of 9-star votes the episode Sideshow received.
Calculate the average number of cast members that appeared in the credit from the 185th to the 193rd episode.
What are the names of the person that were not credited at the end of episode tt0629391?
How many awards has Julia Roberts been nominated for?
Who is the tallest camera operator?
How many people gave the most enjoyed episode a 10-star rating?
What are the keywords of the "Shield" episode?
What is the title of the episode with the highest number of keywords?
Among the episodes that were aired in 1998, how many won an International Monitor Awards?
How many times did the episode titled "Agony" win an award?
How many awards did the "Agony" win?
Who is the narrator of the "Flight" episode?
In which organization did Constantine Makris win the most awards?
Who is the stunt coordinator in episode 3?
How many people were not credited at the end of the "Admissions" episode?
What are the titles of the top 3 episodes that received no less than 30 votes in its 10-star rating?
Who is the youngest person to ever play a "clerk" role in the series?
How many people did not enjoy the finale episode?
Which episodes of the Law & Order have been nominated for the Primetime Emmy Awards?
What roles have not been credited at the end of the episodes?
What is the title of the episodes that were least enjoyed?
How many votes did the episode titled Juvenile get?
In which episodes was Anthony Azzara not credited?
In what year did the episodes titled DWB get an award?
In which region were the assistant location managers born?
What role was Julia Roberts nominated for?
What is the title of the episode with the most nominations?
What was the rating of the episodes that Jace Alexander worked on?
What are the names of all the people who worked on episode 19 of season 9?
Write down the title, summary, and air date of the episode that garnered 72 10-star votes.
Write down the organization, year, award, and award category in which Rene Balcer is the winner.
How many times was episode 20 of the Law and Order series nominated for the Primetime Emmy Awards in 1999?
On what episode did Julia Roberts win the "Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series" award during the 1999 Primetime Emmy Awards? Tell me her role.
List the titles and air dates of episodes that were produced by Billy Fox.
Among the American casts, how many were uncredited on episode ID tt0629228?
What was the role of Jason Kuschner in episode 9?
List down the titles of the top 3 episodes, from highest to lowest, in terms of their weighted stars.
How many episodes are credited to Jerry Orbach?
List out all the credit names for episode 9.
List out all award titles nominated for episode 20.
List out director names that received an award along with the episode number.
Which episodes are nominated for an awards but not win?
What is the episode rating with the most award won?
How many credits have been displayed from episode 1 until 10?
What is the average ranking episodes that are nominated for an award?
Which continent was Michael Preston born on?
Who played the role of a teleplay in the episode that won "Best Television Episode"?
What is the date of birth of the actor who played the role of a "writer"?
Which episode has the highest total number of viewer votes?
Who was the actor who was portraying "Alex Brown" and has been credited?
Where is the place of birth of the actor with the number nm0007064 who has not been credited for playing the role of a "Narrator"?
What are the keywords of the episode "Shield"?
Who are the actors with a height of over 1.80m in an episode that won an award?
Which episode has the two keywords "nun" and "priest"?
How many keywords are there for season 9, episode 23 of law_and_order?
How many 10-star votes were given to the episode titled "Cherished"?
Was Anthony Azzara's role in episode tt0629204 displayed in the credits at the end of the episode?
For season 9, episode 17 of the show Law and Order, how many roles have been included in the credit?
How many times is the number of keywords in "Refuge: Part 1" episode than "Shield" episode?
How many roles did Julia Roberts play in the series?
List the names of all the cast members in the series.
What is the title of the 3 worst rated episodes?
What is the name of the actors born in the USA?
What are the names of the two people who won an award for their role as directors?
How many stars did the episodes in which Donna Villella worked?
What role does the tallest person play?
What is the average star rating of the episodes Jim Bracchitta has worked on?
What percentage of people have worked on the True North episode as additional crew?
Who is the winner of the Best Television Episode award for the Edgar category in 2000? Include his or her name and role.
What is the episode that has mafia keyword?
Who was the nominee playing the role of Katrina Ludlow in the Law & Order series?
How many episodes did J.K. Simmons' role appear on the show?
Who played the role of the "president of NBC West Coast" in the first episode?
Which episode was nominated for the award for "Outstanding Costume Design for a Series"?
What is the percentage of people who gave the "True North" episode a 1-star rating?
