nl_question
Please list the official full names of all the current legislators who do not have an account on C-SPAN's video website.
What is the username of the current official Facebook presence of current legislator Todd Young?
How many current legislators do not have an account on instagram?
Please list the current official YouTube usernames of all the current female legislators.
What is the username of the current official Facebook presence of the oldest current legislator?
Current legislator Roger F. Wicker has not been a representative for how many terms?
For how many terms has current legislator Sherrod Brown served?
Please list the official full names of all the current legislators who were once a senator during his or her terms.
For which state did current legislator Sherrod Brown serve during his term that started on 1993/1/5?
Among all the female current legislators, how many of them have served for more than 4 terms?
What is the average number of terms for a current female legislator?
What type of political party Sherrod Brown has in 2005?
What is the current official Youtube username of Chris Van Hollen?
List the last name of all current legislators who live in California.
What is the current official Twitter handle of Roger F. Wicker?
What is the district number that Chris Van Hollen serving?
How many times did Richard Durbin become a legislator in district 20?
Give the official full names of legislators representing Virginia.
List the full names of 10 legislators who only have a Facebook account.
Write the full names of junior ranked Republicans.
Give the Wikipedia IDs of historical legislators who are Readjuster Democrats.
List the full names of Republican legislators who have a nickname.
What is the ratio of males and females among historical legislators?
How many percent of senators were from class 1?
When was the last serving date of Matt Salmon?
List the IDs and full names of legislators from the Liberal Republican party.
Among the legislators who started a term on 2nd December 1793, how many of them were males?
Compare the number of legislators who started the term in 1875 and 2005.
List the full names, Twitter IDs, and YouTube IDs of legislators who have Richard as their first name.
How many legislators hold the title "Majority Leader"?
What is the title of legislator whose birthday on 2/20/1942?
What is the gender of the legislator whose address at 317 Russell Senate Office Building Washington DC 20510?
Mention the username of Facebook of Ralph Abraham.
What is the Instagram name of the legislator whose birthday was on 8/24/1952?
Provide the facebook ID of the facebook account named "RepWilson".
Who is the Pro-Administration senator that runs from March 4, 1789 to December 31, 1791?
What are the first and last name of the representatives of the house in district 9?
Give the full name of the legislators with an independent party.
What is the party of the legislator named Susan M. Collins?
Provide the full name and birth date of the legislator with a contact form of http://www.brown.senate.gov/contact/.
Provide the type and end date of the term of the legislator named John Vining.
Find the difference between the number of female senators and representatives born between 1930 to 1970.
What is the name of the legislator with the ID of W000059?
Does Thomas Carnes have an account on ballotpedia.org?
Which legislators are woman?
List all the representatives in 1789 along with the districts and state.
State all the district that Benjamin Contee has served before.
State all the Facebook ID for current legislators under the democrat party.
List all the Jewish current legislators that had served in Florida.
How many Catholic legislators do not have an account on ballotpedia.org?
List all of the ids of the representatives belonging to the Democrat party in district 13 that ended their term on 1/3/2019?
Which party has the highest number of legislators who are Baptist?
How many districts did John Conyers, Jr. serve in total?
How many Federalist representatives are there whose first names are Benjamin?
What is the current official Instagram handle of current legislator Bob Corker?
Among the current legislators who have accounts on both http://thomas.gov, how many of them have accounts on instagram?
Please list the username of the current official Facebook presence of all the current legislators that are famous or impact.
What was current legislator Sherrod Brown's Washington, D.C. office phone number during his term starting on 2013/1/3?
Current legislator Sherrod Brown has been in the Democrat party during how many terms that he has served?
Please list the full official names of all the current legislators who served the term that started on 2013/1/3.
What is the full official name of the current legislator that has served for the most number of terms?
Which current legislator has served for more terms, Sherrod Brown or Maria Cantwell?
Among all the current legislators who have served for more than 4 terms, what is the percentage of them being female?
How many current legislators were born after the year 1960?
Among all the current female legislators, how many of them have not been registered in Federal Election Commission data?
Among the current legislators who have served for more than 6 terms, how many of them were born after 1960?
Among all the current legislators whose religion is Roman Catholic, what is the percentage of the ones without an instagram account?
How many males were members of the current legislators?
How many current legislators chose Republican as their political party?
How many legislators have an Instagram account?
How many females were members of the past legislators?
How many male legislators are Roman Catholic?
How many official social media does Mark Warner have?
List the official full names and genders of legislators who have Collins as their last name.
Provide the current legislators' official full names who are from the Independent party.
Among legislators who have an Instagram account, list down their full names and nicknames who have a Thomas ID of less than 1000.
Among the legislators who have served in the U.S. House, provide the party and the state of the legislators who were born in 1738.
State the number of female legislators in the list.
What is the middle name of the legislator whose birthday was on 8/24/1956?
List out the first name of legislators who are senior Senator.
What is the twitter name of the legislator whose birthday was on 5/27/1946?
State number of legislators who are not the senator among female legislators.
How many minority leaders have not been registered in Federal Election Commission data?
What is the total number of legislators with "John" as their first name?
Give the district numbers with an Anti-Administration party.
What is the google entity ID of Benjamin Hawkins?
List down the open secrets and thomas ID of the democrat senators of New Jersey.
Provide the google entity ID of the senators in New York.
List down the district number of the representative of the house named Jonathan Grout.
How many legislators were born in 1736?
How many legislators are not senator?
Calculate the percentage of famous_legislatorss.
Which legislators do not have instagram account?
What is the Twitter ID of Emanuel Cleaver?
In California, how many representatives ended their term in 1995?
Among the Independent senators that started their term in 2011 and onwards, what are the official full names of the senators that caucused with the Democrat?
List the official full names of all the legislators who have facebook, instagram, twitter and youtube accounts.
Who is the Lutheran representative that served in the state of Ohio for 14 years before becoming a senator?
Among all the current legislators born after the year 1960, how many of them are not google entities?
How many current legislators have both accounts on both VoteView.com and maplight.org?
Among all the current female legislators, how many of them have attended in Senate roll call votes?
For how many terms have the oldest current legislator served?
What is the average number of terms served for a current legislator that's famous or impact?
How many of the legislators are female?
How many current legislators do not have an account on ballotpedia.org ?
To which current legislator does twitter ID234128524 belong? Please give his or her full official name.
List the full name of all past legislators that chose Pro-Administration as their political party in year 1791.
Give the YouTube ID of the channel 'RepWassermanSchultz.'
Which historical legislators are members of the National Greenbacker party? Write their first and last names.
Provide the start date, end date, and party of Pearl Peden Oldfield.
What is the birthday of Amy Klobuchar?
How many legislators have not been registered in Federal Election Commission data?
Among male legislators, state number of the legislators who are not the senator.
How many of the legislators are male?
List the full name of legislators whose born in 1960.
Give the state and type of term of the legislator with the google entity ID of kg:/m/02pyzk.
How many female legislators become representatives for California in 2015?
What is the full name of the oldest legislator?
What is the official full name of the current legislator whose current official Facebook presence is "senjoniernst"?
Give the type and start date of the term of the legislator born on November 26, 1727.
How many female representatives are there in Michigan?
List the full name of all the senior senators in year 2013.
List the full name of all current female senators.
What is the contact URL of Claire McCaskill?
Give the religion of the legislator whose YouTube name is MaxineWaters.
Please list the official full names of all the current legislators who have served in the U.S. House.
What is the religion with the most occurrrence of the current legislators?
Provide the address of the legislator with the contact form of http://www.carper.senate.gov/contact/.
