nl_question
How many bank branches are there?
Count the number of bank branches.
How many customers are there?
What is the total number of customers across banks?
Find the number of customers in the banks at New York City.
What is the total number of customers who use banks in New York City?
Find the average number of customers in all banks of Utah state.
What is the average number of customers across banks in the state of Utah?
Find the average number of customers cross all banks.
What is the average number of bank customers?
Find the city and state of the bank branch named morningside.
What city and state is the bank with the name morningside in?
Find the branch names of banks in the New York state.
What are the names of banks in the state of New York?
List the name of all customers sorted by their account balance in ascending order.
What are the names of all customers, ordered by account balance?
List the name of all different customers who have some loan sorted by their total loan amount.
What are the names of the different customers who have taken out a loan, ordered by the total amount that they have taken?
Find the state, account type, and credit score of the customer whose number of loan is 0.
What are the states, account types, and credit scores for customers who have 0 loans?
Find the number of different cities which banks are located at.
In how many different cities are banks located?
Find the number of different states which banks are located at.
In how many different states are banks located?
How many distinct types of accounts are there?
Count the number of different account types.
Find the name and account balance of the customer whose name includes the letter ‘a’.
What are the names and account balances of customers with the letter a in their names?
Find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas.
What are the total account balances for each customer from Utah or Texas?
Find the name of customers who have both saving and checking account types.
What are the names of customers who have both savings and checking accounts?
Find the name of customers who do not have an saving account.
What are the names of customers who do not have saving accounts?
Find the name of customers who do not have a loan with a type of Mortgages.
What are the names of customers who have not taken a Mortage loan?
Find the name of customers who have loans of both Mortgages and Auto.
What are the names of customers who have taken both Mortgage and Auto loans?
Find the name of customers whose credit score is below the average credit scores of all customers.
What are the names of customers with credit score less than the average credit score across customers?
Find the branch name of the bank that has the most number of customers.
What is the name of the bank branch with the greatest number of customers?
Find the name of customer who has the lowest credit score.
What is the name of the customer with the worst credit score?
Find the name, account type, and account balance of the customer who has the highest credit score.
What is the name, account type, and account balance corresponding to the customer with the highest credit score?
Find the name of customer who has the highest amount of loans.
What is the name of the customer who has greatest total loan amount?
Find the state which has the most number of customers.
Which state has the greatest total number of bank customers?
For each account type, find the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50.
What is the average account balance of customers with credit score below 50 for the different account types?
For each state, find the total account balance of customers whose credit score is above 100.
What is the total account balance for customers with a credit score of above 100 for the different states?
Find the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch.
What are the names of the different bank branches, and what are their total loan amounts?
Find the name of customers who have more than one loan.
What are the names of customers who have taken out more than one loan?
Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000.
What are the names and account balances for customers who have taken a total amount of more than 5000 in loans?
Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans.
What is the name of the bank branch that has lent the greatest amount?
Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans to customers with credit score is less than 100.
What is the name of the bank branch that has lended the largest total amount in loans, specifically to customers with credit scores below 100?
Find the name of bank branches that provided some loans.
What are the names of the different banks that have provided loans?
Find the name and credit score of the customers who have some loans.
What are the different names and credit scores of customers who have taken a loan?
Find the the name of the customers who have a loan with amount more than 3000.
What are the names of customers who have a loan of more than 3000 in amount?
Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans.
What are the names and cities of bank branches that offer loans for business?
Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to any customer whose credit score is below 100.
What are the names of banks that have loaned money to customers with credit scores below 100?
Find the total amount of loans provided by bank branches in the state of New York.
What is the total amount of money loaned by banks in New York state?
Find the average credit score of the customers who have some loan.
What is the average credit score for customers who have taken a loan?
Find the average credit score of the customers who do not have any loan.
What is the average credit score for customers who have never taken a loan?
