nl_question
How many technicians are there?
What is the number of technicians?
List the names of technicians in ascending order of age.
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of age?
What are the team and starting year of technicians?
What is the team and starting year for each technician?
List the name of technicians whose team is not "NYY".
What is the name of the technician whose team is not 'NYY'?
Show the name of technicians aged either 36 or 37
What are the names of the technicians aged either 36 or 37?
What is the starting year of the oldest technicians?
What is the starting year for the oldest technician?
Show different teams of technicians and the number of technicians in each team.
For each team, how many technicians are there?
Please show the team that has the most number of technicians.
What are the teams with the most technicians?
Show the team that have at least two technicians.
What is the team with at least 2 technicians?
Show names of technicians and series of machines they are assigned to repair.
What are the names of technicians and the machine series that they repair?
Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned.
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of quality rank for the machine they are assigned?
Show names of technicians who are assigned to repair machines with value point more than 70.
What are the names of the technicians that are assigned to repair machines with more point values than 70?
Show names of technicians and the number of machines they are assigned to repair.
What are the names of the technicians  and how many machines are they assigned to repair?
List the names of technicians who have not been assigned to repair machines.
What are the names of the technicians that have not been assigned to repair machines?
Show the starting years shared by technicians from team "CLE" and "CWS".
What are the starting years shared by the technicians from the team "CLE" or "CWS"?
