nl_question
Who is the founder of Sony?
Return the founder of Sony.
Where is the headquarter of the company founded by James?
What is the headquarter of the company whose founder is James?
Find all manufacturers' names and their headquarters, sorted by the ones with highest revenue first.
What are the names and headquarters of all manufacturers, ordered by revenue descending?
What are the average, maximum and total revenues of all companies?
Return the average, maximum, and total revenues across all manufacturers.
How many companies were created by Andy?
Return the number of companies created by Andy.
Find the total revenue created by the companies whose headquarter is located at Austin.
What is the sum of revenue from companies with headquarters in Austin?
What are the different cities listed?
Give the distinct headquarters of manufacturers.
Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing.
How many manufacturers have headquarters in either Tokyo or Beijing?
Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S'.
Who is the founders of companies whose first letter is S?
Find the name of companies whose revenue is between 100 and 150.
What are the names of companies with revenue between 100 and 150?
What is the total revenue of all companies whose main office is at Tokyo or Taiwan?
Return the total revenue of companies with headquarters in Tokyo or Taiwan.
Find the name of product that is produced by both companies Creative Labs and Sony.
What are the names of products produced by both Creative Labs and Sony?
Find the name, headquarter and founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue.
What are the names, headquarters and founders of the company with the highest revenue?
Find the name, headquarter and revenue of all manufacturers sorted by their revenue in the descending order.
What are the names, headquarters and revenues for manufacturers, sorted by revenue descending?
Find the name of companies whose revenue is greater than the average revenue of all companies.
What are the names of manufacturers with revenue greater than the average of all revenues?
Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin.
What are the names of companies with revenue less than the lowest revenue of any manufacturer in Austin?
Find the total revenue of companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of some companies based in Austin.
What is the total revenue of companies with revenue greater than the lowest revenue of any manufacturer in Austin?
Find the total revenue of companies of each founder.
What is the total revenue of companies started by founder?
Find the name and revenue of the company that earns the highest revenue in each city.
What are the names and revenues of the companies with the highest revenues in each headquarter city?
Find the total revenue for each manufacturer.
What is the total revenue of each manufacturer?
Find the average prices of all products from each manufacture, and list each company's name.
What are the average prices of products for each manufacturer?
Find the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities.
How many different products are produced in each headquarter city?
Find number of products which Sony does not make.
How many products are not made by Sony?
Find the name of companies that do not make DVD drive.
What are the names of companies that do not make DVD drives?
Find the number of products for each manufacturer, showing the name of each company.
How many products are there for each manufacturer?
Select the names of all the products in the store.
What are the names of all products?
Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store.
What are the names and prices of all products in the store?
Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $200.
What are the names of products with price at most 200?
Find all information of all the products with a price between $60 and $120.
What is all the information of all the products that have a price between 60 and 120?
Compute the average price of all the products.
What is the average price across all products?
Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code equal to 2.
What is the average price of products with manufacturer codes equal to 2?
Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to $180.
How many products have prices of at least 180?
Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by name  (in ascending order).
What are the names and prices of products that cost at least 180, sorted by price decreasing and name ascending?
Select all the data from the products and each product's manufacturer.
What is all the product data, as well as  each product's manufacturer?
Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing only the manufacturer's code.
What are the average prices of products, grouped by manufacturer code?
Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.
What are the average prices of products, grouped by manufacturer name?
Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $150.
What are the names and average prices of products for manufacturers whose products cost on average 150 or more?
Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
What is the name and price of the cheapest product?
Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.
For each manufacturer name, what are the names and prices of their most expensive product?
Select the code of the product that is cheapest in each product category.
What are the codes and names of the cheapest products in each category?
