nl_question
How many countries are there in total?
Count the number of countries.
Show the country name and capital of all countries.
What are the names and capitals of each country?
Show all official native languages that contain the word "English".
What are the official native languages that contain the string "English".
Show all distinct positions of matches.
What are the different positions for match season?
Show the players from college UCLA.
Who are the players from UCLA?
Show the distinct position of players from college UCLA or Duke.
What are the different positions of players from UCLA or Duke colleges?
Show the draft pick numbers and draft classes of players whose positions are defenders.
What are the draft pick numbers and draft classes for players who play the Defender position?
How many distinct teams are involved in match seasons?
Count the number of different teams involved in match season.
Show the players and the years played.
Who are the different players and how many years has each played?
Show all team names.
What are the names of all teams?
Show the season, the player, and the name of the country that player belongs to.
For each player, what are their name, season, and country that they belong to?
Which players are from Indonesia?
Who are the players from Indonesia?
What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin?
Give the different positions of players who play for the country with the capital Dublin.
What are the official languages of the countries of players from Maryland or Duke college?
Return the official native languages of countries who have players from Maryland or Duke colleges.
How many distinct official languages are there among countries of players whose positions are defenders.
Count the number of different official languages corresponding to countries that players who play Defender are from.
Show the season, the player, and the name of the team that players belong to.
Who are the different players, what season do they play in, and what is the name of the team they are on?
Show the positions of the players from the team with name "Ryley Goldner".
Return the positions of players on the team Ryley Goldner.
How many distinct colleges are associated with players from the team with name "Columbus Crew".
Count the number of different colleges that players who play for Columbus Crew are from.
Show the players and years played for players from team "Columbus Crew".
What are the players who played for Columbus Crew, and how many years did each play for?
Show the position of players and the corresponding number of players.
How many players played each position?
Show the country names and the corresponding number of players.
How many players are from each country?
Return all players sorted by college in ascending alphabetical order.
What are all the players who played in match season, sorted by college in ascending alphabetical order?
Show the most common position of players in match seasons.
What is the position that is most common among players in match seasons?
Show the top 3 most common colleges of players in match seasons.
What are the three colleges from which the most players are from?
Show the name of colleges that have at least two players.
What are the names of all colleges that have two or more players?
Show the name of colleges that have at least two players in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of colleges that have two or more players, listed in descending alphabetical order?
What are the names of teams that do no have match season record?
Return the names of teams that have no match season record.
What are the names of countries that have both players with position forward and players with position defender?
Return the names of countries that have players that play the Forward position, as well as players who play the Defender position.
Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender?
Return the colleges that have players who play the Midfielder position, as well as players who play the Defender position.
