nl_question
How many kinds of enzymes are there?
What is the total count of enzymes?
List the name of enzymes in descending lexicographical order.
What are the names of enzymes in descending order?
List the names and the locations that the enzymes can make an effect.
What are the names and locations of all enzymes listed?
What is the maximum Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) value of the enzymes?
What is the maximum OMIM value in the database?
What is the product, chromosome and porphyria related to the enzymes which take effect at the location 'Cytosol'?
What is the product, chromosome, and porphyria of the enzymes located at 'Cytosol'?
What are the names of enzymes who does not produce 'Heme'?
What are the names of enzymes whose product is not 'Heme'?
What are the names and trade names of the medicines which has 'Yes' value in the FDA record?
What are the names and trade names of the medcines that are FDA approved?
What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride' that can serve as an 'inhibitor'?
What are the names of the enzymes used in the medicine  Amisulpride that acts as inhibitors?
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes?
For every medicine id, what are the names of the medicines that can interact with more than one enzyme?
What are the ids, names and FDA approval status of medicines in descending order of the number of enzymes that it can interact with.
What are the ids, names, and FDA approval status for medicines ordered by descending number of possible enzyme interactions?
What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator'?
What is the id and name of the enzyme that can interact with the most medicines as an activator?
What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
What is the type of interaction for the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine? And how many are there?
What are the most common types of interactions between enzymes and medicine, and how many types are there?
How many medicines have the FDA approval status 'No' ?
How many medicines were not approved by the FDA?
How many enzymes do not have any interactions?
What is the count of enzymes without any interactions?
What is the id and trade name of the medicines can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
What are the ids and trade names of the medicine that can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
What are the distinct name, location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor' interaction?
What are the different names, locations, and products of the enzymes that are capable inhibitor interactions?
List the medicine name and trade name which can both interact as 'inhibitor' and 'activitor' with enzymes.
What are the medicine and trade names that can interact as an inhibitor and activitor with enzymes?
Show the medicine names and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with product 'Heme'.
What are the medicine and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with the product 'Heme'?
How many distinct FDA approval statuses are there for the medicines?
How many different FDA approval statuses exist for medicines?
Which enzyme names have the substring "ALA"?
What are the names of enzymes that include the string 'ALA'?
find the number of medicines offered by each trade.
How many medicines are offered by each trade name?
