nl_question
Which dish lasted longer, Anchovies or Fresh lobsters in every style?
Among all the dishes that were once free, what is the name of the dish that had appeared on most menus?
Among the menus in which the dish "Clear green turtle" had appeared, how many of them did not support taking out or booking in advance?
Please list the names of all the dishes that appeared on the menu "Zentral Theater Terrace".
Which dish has the highest price on the menu "Zentral Theater Terrace"? Please give its name.
Please list the IDs of the menus that are DIYs of the restaurant and have the dish "Clear green turtle".
Name the dishes that were on the menu page ID 174.
What are the names of the dishes with a stable price that were created in April of 2011?
What is the name of the menu with the highest number of pages?
Please list the IDs of all the menus that are DIYs of the restaurant.
To which menu does the menu page image ID5189412 belong? Please give its name.
Which menu page has a bigger width, page 1 of "Zentral Theater Terrace" or page 1 of "Young's Hotel"?
Which menu page of "Ritz Carlton" has the biggest height?
Among the menu pages of "Ritz Carlton", how many of them have a width of over 1000?
Please list the names of all the dishes on page 1 of menu ID12882.
How many menus were used in Dutcher House?
How many menus were created for steamship?
How many pages were there on the menu created on 17th November 1898?
Who is the sponsor of menu with ID 12463?
What is the event sponsored by the Republican House?
Where is the place that menu with ID 12472 was created for?
What is the occasion for menu with ID 12463?
List down the image IDs for menu located at Manhattan Hotel.
What is the page count for menu with page ID of 130?
List down the page numbers for menu with dishes on the right upper corner.
How many menus were created for lunch?
How much space does page 1 of the menu "Zentral Theater Terrace" cover?
How many menus with the name "Waldorf Astoria" have 4 pages?
Please list the prices of the dish "Clear green turtle" on every menu page it appeared on.
Please list the IDs of all the menus in which the dish "Clear green turtle" had appeared.
Among the menus in which the dish "Clear green turtle" had appeared, how many of them used the dollar as their currency?
How many dishes are there in total in the menus with the name "Waldorf Astoria"?
How many dishes are included in the menu page ID 144?
How many dishes appeared on a menu more than once?
List the dishes that appeared at the left upper corner of the CHAS.BRADLEY'S OYSTER & DINING ROOM"s sponsored menu.
How many dishes appeared more than once on a menu?
Which dish has the longest history?
On 1887-07-21, what was the event that lead to the creation of menu id 21380?
Among the menus with over 10 pages, how many of them have over 20 dishes?
Among the menus that did not support taking out or booking in advance, how many of them were created before 1950?
How many dishes do not have correct data for the year in which it appeared first?
What is the highest price of the dish "Clear green turtle" on a menu page?
What is the average page number of the menus that have the dish "Clear green turtle"?
What is the average price of the dishes on the menu "Zentral Theater Terrace"?
Provide the page IDs and name of the menu which had the highest page count.
Provide the numbers of the menu item which includes Fresh lobsters in every style and location where that dish was used on a menu.
How many percent of Bluefish dishes are located at the center of the menu page?
List down the locations of menu sponsored by Norddeutscher Lloyd Bremen.
State the full height and width for menu called "El Fuerte Del Palmar".
Is "c02c9a3b-6881-7080-e040-e00a180631aa" the uuid for menu called "The Biltmore"?
List down the name of dishes that were positioned on the left upper corner.
Calculate the total dish count for menu with uuid of "510d47e4-2958-a3d9-e040-e00a18064a99" & "510d47e4-295a-a3d9-e040-e00a18064a99".
Calculate the total price of items for menu with ID 12882.
Among the dishes, how many of them are for free?
How long has the "Clear Green Turtle" dish appeared on the menu, and tell me when its latest update was?
Tally the dishes that have appeared on the menu for more than 100 years.
Write down the image ID, full height, and full width of the menu that were used in the "100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BIRTH OF DANIEL WEBSTER" event.
Name the dishes that cost 180,000.
What is the position coordinate on the page menu of the "Small Hominy" dish and how long did it appear?
Calculate the image area of the page menu for the dish named "Baked Stuffed Mullet & Sauce Pomard". Please include the page number and image ID.
How many menus include puree of split peas aux croutons?
Provide the menu page ids of all the menu that includes mashed potatoes.
Among the menus that include milk, what is the menu page id of the menu that has the highest price?
What are the names of the dishes shown in the lower right corner of menu page 48706?
Among the menus that include baked apples with cream, who is the sponsor of the menu with the highest price?
What is the ID of the menu with the most number of dishes?
How many dishes are there on the menu "Zentral Theater Terrace"?
Please list the page numbers of all the menu pages on which the dish "Chicken gumbo" had appeared.
For how many times had the dish "Chicken gumbo" appeared on a menu page?
What is the highest price of the dish "Chicken gumbo" on a menu page?
