nl_question
In which country does Polish found least in?
Which countries have more than 90% of African? List the name of the country in full.
State the different ethnic group and percentage of the language in Singapore.
State the country and its population with population growth greater than 2% but infant mortality rate less than 5%.
List the infant mortality of country with the least Amerindian.
Calculate the population of Arab in each country?
Among countries with more than 400,000 GDP, state its capital and population.
Calculate the service of GDP for Brazil.
List all countries with negative growth in population. State the country, population and growth.
For countries with area between 500000 to 1000000, state the country and infant mortality rate.
What is the infant mortality rate for Ethiopia?
How much does the gross domestic products goes to the industry sector for Singapore?
Which country has the biggest percentage of the albanian ethnic group?
Please list the name of the countries with over 5 ethnic groups.
Among the countries with a population of over 10000000, how many of them have a GDP of over 500000?
Please list the capital cities of the countries with an inflation rate under 2.
Which country has the lowest inflation rate?
Among the countries whose agriculture percentage of the GDP is under 50%, how many of them have an area of over 8000000?
How many cities have a salt lake located in it?
Please list the depth of the lakes that are located in the Province of Albania.
Which country has the most languages spoken?
Among the countries with over 3 organizations, how many of them have an inflation rate of over 5%?
Please list the organization names established in the countries where Dutch is spoken.
Among the countries whose GDP is over 1000000, how many of them have a population groth rate of over 3%?
Which country has the highest GDP per capita?
Which country is 41% Christian? Give the full name of the country.
Which two countries does the Detroit River flow through? Give the full name of the country.
Which country has the most neighbors? Give the full name of the country.
How many mountains are there in Indonesia?
What is the quantity of the mountains does Japan have?
What is the latitude of the island on which Mount Andrinjitra is located?
What is the area of Egypt as a percentage of Asia?
Which city in Japan has the most people in the country?
For the country in which Olsztyn is located, where is the capital?
When did Uganda declare independence?
What kind of government does Iran have?
Where does Bermuda belong to? Give the full name of the country.
Which country has the city of 114339 in population? Give the full name of the country.
What is the area of the country which became independent in 1921/3/13?
What is the population density of the Petropavl's home country?
What is the most populated city of the 12th highest density country?
How many times longer is the longest border in the United States than the shortest?
How many mountains are there in the country with the greatest population?
Please list the mountains in the country with the lowest inflation rate.
How many volcanic mountains are there in countries whose population is no more than 5000000?
Among the countries with a GDP of over 1000000, how many of them have mountains higher than 1000?
What is the greatest length of the border between 2 independent countries?
Please list the countries that share the shortest border.
What is the GDP of the European Continent?
How many mountains are there on the African Continent?
Of the deserts on the America Continent, which one covers the greatest area?
Among the countries that use Bosnian as their language, how many of them don't have a positive population growth rate?
What is the average percentage of agriculture of GDP in countries on the African Continent?
Among the independent countries, how many of them has a GDP per capita of over 5000?
Which island is city Balikpapan located on? How big is the island?
On which island does South Yorkshire situated? State it's longtitude and latitude.
List all islands that are greater than the island on which Warwickshire is located.
For island area less than 200, list the island name and city it belongs to.
In which province is city Glenrothes located? What is the capital of the province?
List the all the cities and its city population for provinces with population more than 1000000.
List all the coral islands along with its city and province.
What is the average population for all cities location at Baltic Sea?
Please state the longest river that flows to the Mediterranean Sea.
List all the cities and provinces located at the rivers that flows to Atlantic Ocean.
What is the name and length of rivers located at 'Orleans' city?
List all rivers and province it is located that is greater than 1000 in length.
For all cities where Seine is located at, which city has the greatest population? Calculate the difference from the city with least population.
Which nations have a 100% Spanish-speaking population?
Which countries are dependent on the British Crown?
What province does the 4th most populous city in the United Kingdom belong to, and how many people live there?
How many Jewish residents are there in Moldova?
What is the average area of Asian countries?
Which country is home to the world's tiniest desert, and what are its longitude and latitude?
How many mountains are there in the country with the most land area?
Which sea is the shallowest and which country surrounds it?
What kind of political system is in place in the country with the highest inflation rate?
Which nation has the greatest infant mortality rate among those that attained independence in 1960?
What is the smallest border's length, and what form of government do the two nations bordering it have?
Which religion is most prevalent in Asia?
What are the names of the sea that can be found on the island with the biggest area?
How many people reside in the nation's capital city, which is situated in the nation that attained independence on 8/15/1947?
What is the proportion of English-speaking citizens in the countries that rely on the United States compared to the total number of citizens in those countries?
What is the capital of the 3rd most populated country in Asia and what is the capital city's ratio in percentage (%) against the overall population of the country?
What is the main spoken language in MNE?
What's the percentage of people in Cayman Islands speak English?
Which country was the source of Pjandsh River? Give the full name of the country.
For the countries have the population north of a billion, which one has the lowest GDP? Give the full name of the country.
Which three countries does the Amazonas flow through? Give the full name of the countries.
Which country became independent on 1492-01-01? Give the full name of the country.
How many cities in France have a population of more than 100,000?
Among all the rivers finally flows to the sea of 540m in depth, which one has the longest length?
For all the countries that is smaller than 100 square kilometres, which one has the most GDP?
What is the total number of cities that Japan have?
Which city has most population other than its capital in Bangladesh?
Which non capital city has the most people of all?
In which country is the city of Grozny? Give the full name of the country.
Which religion has the majority of the people in Japan?
Which two countries have the border in length of 803 km? Give the full names of the countries.
How many percent of the total area of Russia is in Europe?
Give the full names of the countries that are located in more than one continent.
What's the number of infant mortality in Switzerland in a year?
How many mountains are there in the United States?
When did Equatorial Guinea become independent?
What is the GDP per capita in Switzerland?
What is the GDP for Service of the country with Fuenlabrada as its city.
What is the population density of Hanoi's home country?
How many deserts are not located in a single country? Name them.
How many rivers belong to more than one country? Name the provinces where we can find them.
Name of the capitals of the countries that have less than 99.95% less population than the country that has the most population.
On which continent is the country with the most erosion of real income?
Which two Asian countries share a border that is 1,782 kilometers long?
List all the seas with which the deepest sea merges.
Of all the countries that share territory with more than one continent, in which of them does the average population not exceed 10 inhabitants per square kilometer?
Of all the countries of the Hindu religion, which has the lowest ratio of people per square meter of surface?
On what date did the country have a gross domestic product 400% higher than Saint Kitts and Nevis become independent?
How much more space does Asia have than Europe?
What is the geographic location of Aarhus city? Please provide the answer with the coordinates of the location.
What is the population gap between the United Kingdom and Italy?
In which city is the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development's headquarters? Please include the city and province where the headquarters are located in your answer.
Which lake is the largest in terms of both surface area and depth?
Which nation has the highest GDP? Please give the nation's full name.
Which nation has the lowest proportion of people who speak an African language? Please state the nation's full name.
Please list the top 3 countries with the highest inflation rate.
Please provide a list of every nation where English is spoken and utilized entirely.
What nations are considered British Overseas Territories?
Please name any three sovereign nations that have been governed by the republic since 1991.
Which nations have a boundary with the Kalahari Desert?
Which constitutional monarchy nations saw the greatest growth in the number of organizations after 1907?
What is the full name of ABEDA and when was it established?
Name the first organisation established in the Paris city. State its abbreviation, full name and date of establishment.
List all the organisations that where its name contains 'United Nation'. State its full name and its headquarter city.
Name all countries in which have border with Bulgaria.
State all countries with border greater than 4,000. List the full country name.
Among the country member of 'IOC' organization, which country has the most population?
List all members and member type of the Islamic Development Bank.
What is the organization(s) that has 'National Society' as member type.
List all countries with 'Category III' membership in 'IFAD' organization. Please also provide the capital of the country.
Name the organizations with the most members.
Provide the population of the city of the 'World Tourism Organization' headquarter.
State the inflation rate of Greece.
List the full name its capital of all the countries with parliamentary democracy government.
In which city has the greatest population, what is its percentage to its country population?
When did the United States of America attained it's Independence?
What is the name of the most recently founded organization in Saudi Arabia?
Which country has the 5th highest infant mortality rate?
What river has the 17th-longest length overall? Specify it's length.
When did the country whose capital is Nouakchott attained it's independence?
What is the name of the country with the smallest population, and what is its gross domestic product?
What form of governance does the least prosperous nation in the world have?
What year saw the greatest number of organizations created on the European continent?
What other country does the most populated nation in the world share a border with and how long is the border between the two nations?
What is the provincial capital of the province with a population of less than 80,000 that has the highest average population per area?
Calculate the percentage of country which gained independence as republic after 1970.
Find the GPD for Bosnia and Herzegovina and the type of government it belongs to.
Provide the country with its full name which has the most ethnic group? List them all ethnic group together with its percentage.
For country with area greater than 600000, what is agriculture percentage of GDP the country contributes?
When did 'Bulgaria' gain independence?
What is the number of growth population for country with the lowest infant mortality?
Which country has the highest GDP?
How many lakes in the Canary Islands cover an area of over 1000000?
What is the capital city of the country that has the percentage of Armenian speakers over 90%?
How many organizations are founded in countries with a population of under 1000000?
How many organizations are established in countries where people speak Bosnian?
Where country does Baghdad belongs to?
Which country is Mountain Cerro Chirripo located in? Give the full name of the country.
Where is the capital of country which has the largest percentage of Malay people?
For the third largest country, which ethinic group has the most population?
Please list the capital cities of the countries that have more than 4 mountains.
List all the cities in Sumatra and state the population of each city.
State the name of the lake in Albania province and in which city does it located at.
Name the river at Little Rock city. State the length of the river.
Provide all rivers name and length in USA.
Which are the 2 rivers located at Belgrade city? Which river is longer and how by much?
What are the names of the rivers in Canada?
Which nation's GDP is the lowest among those that are communist states?
Which Arabic-speaking country has the smallest population?
What provinces encompass the world's biggest desert in terms of overall area?
How many lakes are there in the 4th most populous African country with a republican form of government?
What is the total number of Afro-Asian people in the most populous Asian country governed by a monarchy?
What are the names of the cities along the Euphrat River's course? Indicate the capital city of the nation where the Euphrat River flows.
What's the name of the second biggest desert?
How many times longer is the longest river in Tajikistan than the shortest river?
What percent of the non volcanic islands in the Lesser Antilles group of islands have an area of no more than 300 square kilometers?
Of all the countries in which English is spoken, what percentage has English as their only language?
Based on the data shown at Target, what percentage of countries are non-Christian?
Of all the lakes in Bolivia, which is the deepest?
What is the name of Anguilla's capital, and where is it located?
Which nation has the smallest population, and where is its capital located?
How many Italian regions are bordered by the Mediterranean Sea? How deep is the Mediterranean Sea?
What are the most recent three independent nations?
What sea does the Baltic Sea converge with, and how deep is the Baltic Sea?
Provide a list of all organisations with headquarters in London?
For each organisations with headquarters in the USA, provide the its full name and the city where the headquarter is located at.
Lists all governments with a parliamentary democracy that achieved their independence between 01/01/1950 and 12/31/1999.
What percentage of countries became independent during the year 1960?
Among the countries with more than 3% population growth rate, state the country name in full along with its GDP.
Among the countries whose government type is republic, how many of them shares a border that's longer than 200?
Calculate the percentage of population in Edmonton city to the population of its province.
Which are the rivers that flows to Black Sea?
Name all the organisations that were established from 1970 to 1980.
What is the capital of Australia? Is the capital a headquarter to any organization? Name the organization(s).
What is the border length between 'USA' and 'MEX'
Find the government type for the country with the highest percentage GDP in Agriculture.
Which Asian country gave its agricultural sector the largest share of its gross domestic product?
What is the population density of the nation whose capital city is in the Distrito Federal province, and what portion of its gross domestic product is devoted to its industries?
What is the population of African in 'Turks and Caicos Islands'?
Among the independent countries whose type of government is republic, what is the biggest number of deserts they have?
What are the names of the three nations where the longest river that empties into the Atlantic Ocean stretches to?
Which river with its mouth in the Donau River and a length greater than 500 km is located in Slovenia?
Among the organizations where headquarters are in the 'USA', what is the percentage of the them are in 'Washington'?
Which nation, with a population ranging from 60,000,000 to 99,000,000, has the greatest gross domestic product?
