nl_question
In which year was the film with the highest replacement cost released?
Please list the titles of the top 3 films with the highest replacement cost.
Please list the titles of all the films starring the actor PENELOPE GUINESS.
How many actors have starred in the film ACADEMY DINOSAUR?
Please list the full names of all the actors that have starred in the film ACADEMY DINOSAUR.
Among the films starring PENELOPE GUINESS, how many of them are released in 2006?
Please give the title of the film starring PENELOPE GUINESS and has the highest replacement cost.
Among the films starring PENELOPE GUINESS, how many of them are in English?
What is the title of the film with the longest duration time and stars PENELOPE GUINESS?
Please list the titles of all the films in the category of "Horror".
Please list the titles of all the films under the category of "Horror" and has a rental rate of $2.99.
For how many times has the customer RUTH MARTINEZ rented a film?
Please list the titles of all the films that the customer RUTH MARTINEZ has rented.
Among the films that the customer RUTH MARTINEZ has rented, what is the title of the one with the highest replacement cost?
Please give the full name of the customer that have rented the most films.
Among the customers who have rented the film ACADEMY DINOSAUR, how many of them are active?
Which film is rented for the most times by the customers? Please give its title.
Which customer has rented more movies, RUTH MARTINEZ or LINDA WILLIAMS?
Among all the films starring PENELOPE GUINESS, what is the title of the one with the highest rental price per day?
What is the average duration time of the films starring PENELOPE GUINESS?
Who is the owner of email address "JEREMY.HURTADO@sakilacustomer.org"? Give the full name.
Which continent is the mother country of Clarksville city in?
How many films did actor Daryl Wahlberg appear in?
How many addresses are there in Woodridge city?
How many films are in English?
Give the address location of Heather Morris.
Give the email address of the person who lives in "1411 Lillydale Drive".
Give the number of documentary films.
State the name of the category which has the most number of films.
Give the name of the film for inventory No.3479.
How many times is the number of films Gina DeGeneres acted in than Penelope Guinness?
What are the special features for the film "Smoochy Control"?
What is the name of the most rented movie?
Among the films with a rental duration of 7 days, how many are comedies?
Who is the staff manager of the store with the most non-active customers?
What is the rental price per day of the most expensive children's film?
What is the complete address of store id 1?
How many customers are from the city of Lethbridge?
How many cities are there in the United States?
List the names of the customers from India.
Among the classic movies, how many movies have a rental rate of less than 1?
What is the full name of the customer who rented the highest number of movies of all time?
How many times was "Blanket Beverly" rented?
Who are the top 5 actors with the highest number of films? List their full names and calculate the average number of films for each of the actors.
Among the films with the longest duration, list any five title with their descriptions and special features.
How many percent of customers were inactive?
List down the actors' full names who performed in "CHOCOLATE DUCK" film.
How many films in the horror category were included in PG-13-rated?
Write down any five film names under the documentary category.
List the films' titles which were rented on 24th May,2005.
How many rental IDs belong to Eleanor Hunt?
Describe the full names and cities of the customers who rented "DREAM PICKUP".
Calculate how many percent of customers were located in India.
Provide the full names and emails of customers whose payments were greater than 70% of the average.
List the actor's last name that starred the film with the description of "A Thoughtful Drama of a Composer And a Feminist who must Meet a Secret Agent in The Canadian Rockies".
Among films with store ID of 2, list the title of films with the highest rental rate.
In films with a length duration of 113 minutes, how many of the films are starred by Kirk Jovovich?
In the film with an inventory ID between 20 to 60, how many of the films have a G rating?
Among films with a rental rate of 4.99, what is the total number of films starred by Bob Fawcett?
What is the store and inventory ID of the film with the longest duration?
List the store ID of the films with a rental rate greater than the 60% of average rental rate of all listed films.
What percentage of the movies are PG-13?
Please list the top ten movies with the most price per day in descending order of price per day.
Give the full name of the actor who acted the most in drama movies?
What is the difference in the average number of films rented each day in Australia and Canada?
Find and list the full name of customers who rented more than five types of movies.
In children's movies, which was rented the most?
Indicate the title of all the films that are in the Classics category.
How many rentals did Ella Oliver hire in June 2016?
What is the first name of the customers whose address is in the postal code that begins with 76?
On what date was the rented material for the movie BLOOD ARGONAUTS returned?
What is the full name of the actor who has acted the most times in comedy films?
How many customers did not rent material at Mike's store?
How many customers live in the city of Miyakonojo?
What is the average amount of rent that Christy Vargas paid?
What are the address numbers that are located in Gansu district?
Please list three types of film along with their IDs and the latest update.
Please list the full names of any three inactive customers.
Where is store number 2 located?
Which city does the address 1623 Kingstown Drive belong to?
Please name three cities that belong to Algeria.
What is the category of the film Agent Truman?
Please list the titles of any three action films.
What is the difference between the number of children's films and action films?
Who is the customer that is active and lives at 1795 Santiago de Compostela Way, Texas?
Who are the actors that act in the ACADEMY DINOSAUR film?
What is the percentage of documentary films?
Which film has the longest duration?
What is the largest number of films rented per customer?
How many films did a customer named Francis Sikes rent?
Who is the manager of the store with the largest collection of films?
What are the addresses of the inactive customers?
Which category is the most common?
Provide the cast for the film "Jason trap".
Who is the customer with the largest payment for rental films?
List the top 5 most-rented films.
Which country does Sasebo belong to?
List all the animation titles.
Which actor acted in the most films?
Which category does BABY HALL film belong to?
Please provide the address of the customer whose first name is SUSAN with the postal code 77948.
Please provide the full name of the customer at 692 Joliet Street.
Which actor acted in ANONYMOUS HUMAN?
Which movie title has the lowest movie rental in the horror category?
List the descriptions of movies under the category Travel.
Calculate the total payment amount of customers in Nagasaki district.
Calculate the percentage of total payment of MARGARET MOORE customers.
List down all of the film IDs with highest rental duration.
Which film titles have the most expensive rental rate?
What are the last updated date for English film titles that were released in 2006?
How many Italian film titles were special featured with deleted scenes?
What is the category of film titled "BLADE POLISH"?
What is Mary Smith's rental ID?
List down the actor IDs of film titled "BOUND CHEAPER".
What is the inventory ID of Karen Jackson?
Who are the actors of film titled "BIRD INDEPENDENCE"?
Calculate the total rental rate for animation film titles.
What is the average rental rate of sci-fi film titles?
What is the percentage of horror film titles in English film titles?
Compute the total payment made by Sarah Lewis for film rentals so far.
Tally the full names of actors in the film "Alabama Devil."
Tell me the title of the film in which Sandra Kilmer is one of the actors.
Name the cast members of the movie 'African Egg'.
Identify the number of movies rented by Maria Miller.
Determine the number of action movies available for rent.
Where can you rent the movie 'Wyoming Storm'? Identify the address of the rental store and the rental rate.
Identify the number of movies that starred Nick Stallone.
Calculate the total amount paid by Stephanie Mitchell for film rentals in June 2005.
Indicate the percentage of inactive customers at store no.1.
Provide the list of the longest movies. Arrange these titles in alphabetical order.
List at least 10 films that the customers can rent for more than 5 days.
List all the cities that belong to United Arab Emirates.
What films did Burt Dukakis got star in?
Provide the full name of all the actors of the film "Ending Crowds".
Who are the actors starred in the film "Bound Cheaper"?
List all the films that Karl Berr starred in and rated as PG.
List at least 3 cities under the country of Philippines.
Which category is the film "Beach Heartbreakers" falls into?
Who among the actors starred in a NC-17 rated film? Provide only the last name of the actors.
Calculate the average rate of renting the film that Lucille Tracy got starred.
In store ID 2, how many of the films are R rating?
In films with a rental rate of 2.99, how many of the films are starred by Nina Soto?
What is the address of Mary Smith?
Among all the active customers, how many of them live in Arlington?
Please list the full names of all the customers who live in Italy.
What is the biggest amount of payment for a rental made by Mary Smith?
How many times has Mary Smith rented a film?
What is the total amount of money Mary Smith has spent on film rentals?
Please give the full name of the customer who had made the biggest amount of payment in one single film rental.
How much in total had the customers in Italy spent on film rentals?
Among the payments made by Mary Smith, how many of them are over 4.99?
What is the average amount of money spent by a customer in Italy on a single film rental?
How many films have a rental duration of over 6 days?
Which film has a higher replacement cost, ACE GOLDFINGER or ACADEMY DINOSAUR?
Among the films that are released in 2006, how many of them are rated Adults Only in the Motion Picture Association Film Rating?
What is the language of the film ACADEMY DINOSAUR?
What is the average replacement cost of the films under the category of "Horror"?
Give the number of inactive customers.
Give the name of the manager staff for store No.1.
Where does the staff Jon Stephens live?
What is the percentage more for the rental payment for store No.2 than store No.1?
How many times is the number of Indian cities than Italian cities?
Who is the staff manager in store id 2?
What is the full name of the customer who rented movies for 7 consecutive days?
What is the full name of the actor who starred in most movies?
List the actors' IDs who have "KILMER" as last name.
Mention the language of Untouchables Sunrise film and calculate its rental cost per day.
Among the customers with customer ID of 100 and below, how many of them have Thomas as their last name?
List the address in Texas in the ascending order of city id.
Find the full name and email address of inactive customers whose record was created in 2006.
How many customers rented for an above-average period?
Among the movies, what percentage are horror?
Give the full name of the actor who acted in the most number of movies?
Indicate the title of all the films rated as 'Adults Only'.
How many actors with the surname Kilmer are there?
How many payments were made throughout the month of August 2005?
To which country does the address '1386 Nakhon Sawan Boulevard' belong?
What is the rental price per day for Airplane Sierra?
How many English films have a duration of over 50 minutes and the cost of replacement are under 10.99?
How many films in English are for adults only?
How many of the actors are named "Dan"?
What are the ratings of the film featuring behind the scenes?
What is the city with the most customers?
What percentage of films are horror films?
How many id movies have category id 11?
Give the full name of the actor with the highest rental rate.
List the full names of customers who have paid more than 10$.
What is the language for film titled "CHILL LUCK"?
List down all film titles starred by Jane Jackman.
Give me the title and category name of films whose price per day is more than $30. Please include their special features.
Name the most recent movie rented by Dorothy Taylor.
Name the movie with the highest rental revenue among the shortest films.
What is the average rental rate for PG-13 rated movies?
For how long can you rent the movie 'Dirty Ace'?
How many customers are still active?
How many films have a duration between 100 to 110 minutes?
How many customers are active?
Which country does Mary Smith live in?
Please give the full names of all the active staff.
What is the description of the film Artist Coldblooded?
Give the detailed address for store No.2.
What are the full names of all the active employees?
List the name of the films that can only be found in store id 2.
How many films are categorized as horror?
What is the full name of the actor who has the highest number of restricted films?
What is the name and email of the staff in store ID 2?
Write down the inventories' IDs and actors' names of "STREETCAR INTENTIONS".
Calculate the average rent amount paid by the customer with customer id 15.
How many movies have a length longer than 100?
List all the films with the word "Lacklusture" in their description.
What are the addresses for the stores?
How many film titles were released in 2006?
How many documentary films are rated PG-13?
How many film categories are there?
Please list the titles of the films that are released in 2006 and have a rental rate of $2.99.
What is the email address of the staff Jon Stephens?
What is Diane Collins' email address?
State the number of films that are 178 minutes long.
Calculate customers' total payment amount in August, 2005.
Please indicate the full name of actor id 5.
What is the average replacement cost for the movies with a rental rate of 4.99?
List all the films that are rated as PG-13.
Among the active customers, how many of them have Nina as their first name?
