nl_question
Please list the names of the production company of the movie "Four Rooms".
Please list the titles of all the movie produced by production company "Universal Pictures".
What is the title of the latest released movie produced by production company "Universal Pictures"?
What is the name of the director of photography of the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End"?
What was the job of Dariusz Wolski in the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End"?
Please list the names of all the crew members of the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End".
How many crew members worked as producer in the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End"?
In how many movie does Dariusz Wolski work as the director of photography?
Among the movie in which Dariusz Wolski works as the director of photography, what is the title of the one with the highest average vote?
When was the release date of the latest movie in which Dariusz Wolski worked as a crew member?
Among the movie in which Dariusz Wolski works as the director of photography, what is the percentage of those movie whose vote average is over 5.0?
What is the average revenue of the movie in which Dariusz Wolski works as the director of photography?
What was David Rubin's job in the movie "Days of Thunder"?
How many movies were directed by Michael Bay?
Show the total number of keywords of the movie "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell".
Tell the number of movies made by Paramount Animation.
How many female characters are there in the movie "Spider-Man 3"?
Provide the most used keyword in the movies.
What is the production company of the movie "Crazy Heart"?
Give the number of movies with "saving the world" as the keyword.
For all the movies which were produced by Cruel and Unusual Films, which one has the most popularity?
For the movie "Reign of Fire", which department was Marcia Ross in?
Calculate the average budget of the movies directed by Jaume Collet-Serra.
What is the percentage of male characters in the movie "Bride Wars"?
What is the name of the production company that made the most movies?
Who played Captain Jack Sparrow in all of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
What is Walt Disney Pictures' most popular movie?
How many movies did Universal Studios release?
Which production company produced the movie that made the most money at the box office?
How many female crews are in the movie "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington"?
List the names of the production companies that made at least 200 movies.
How many movies did Harrison Ford appear in total?
What is the title of Jamie Foxx's most recent movie?
How many movies released in 1995 did Quentin Tarantino appear in?
What is the title of the first crime movie ever released?
List the person IDs of the second film editors in Movie No. 12.
In Movie No. 19, how many people are there in Department No. 7? Please give me their job.
How many times did Bob Peterson appear in the movie credits?
Tally the movie ID and character name in the movie starring Jim Carrey.
Give the names of the female cast in Movie No. 1865.
Write me the titles of the movies starring Jim Carrey.
How many films released between 1/2/1990 and 12/30/2000 starred Uma Thurman?
Write the titles of horror films with a vote average of more than 7.
Give the genre and popularity of movies whose revenue is at least 120,000,000 between 2012 and 2015.
What is the title of the highest-budget film to date? Please include the revenue and name the country.
List the title of movies in Latin released between 1/01/1990 and 12/31/1995.
What is the average revenue of American movies in 2006?
Which actor plays Optimus Prime?
List all companies who worked in the movie 'Ultramarines: A Warhammer 40,000 Movie.'
Which movie did the company 'Radiant Film GmbH' work on?
What are the genres of Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow?
Write all the keywords belonging to the movie 'Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.'
The movie 'Gojira ni-sen mireniamu' is from which country?
Which movie has the keyword 'extremis?'
Who is the director for the movie 'Transformers?'
What is the ratio between male and female cast members of the movie 'Iron Man?' Count how many have unspecified genders.
List down five movie titles that were released before 2000.
What is the keyword ID of the movie with the title of "Sin City"?
Look for the movie title with the keyword of "angel".
Which keywords belong to the movie titles with the highest popularity?
Provide the genre ID of the movie with the title of "The Dark Knight".
List down the movie titles within the genre of thriller.
What is the genre of the movie title with the lowest revenue generated?
State the genre of the movie title with a runtime of only 14 minutes.
What is the genre of the movie title which was well-received by the audiences but made the lowest revenue?
Provide the genre of a movie title with a tagline of "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away…".
List down the movie titles that were produced in Canada.
Accumulate the budget of the movie titles with the keyword of "video game".
For movies with the keyword of "civil war", calculate the average revenue generated by these movies.
Among the zero-budget movie titles, which one has made the highest revenue?
List down the IDs of the production companies that released the movies in 1916.
List down the movies produced by Lucasfilm.
Among Warner Bros. Pictures' movies, which title made the highest revenue?
Write down the release date of the movies produced by Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
What is the language ID of the movie "Walk the Line"?
Find out the language ID of the movie with the highest popularity.
Are there any post-production movies in Nederlands?
List down the tagline of the Polski movies.
Calculate the revenues made by Fantasy Films and Live Entertainment.
What is the most common first name?
What is the average number of crews for a movie?
What is the iso code of "Kyrgyz Republic"?
List all the actors who have played characters with "captain" in their names.
What is the most common keyword among all the movies released in 2006?
What is the third least common genre?
Provide the average revenue of all the French movies.
List all the unspecified gender characters.
Which department has the most people?
What percentage of films are made in the US?
What is the average ratio between female and male actors in a movie?
Provide the ID and ISO code of Belgium.
List the character names played by Catherine Deneuve.
List the movies in the Somali language.
Provide the release date and language of the most popular movie.
List the character names in the "Open Water" movie.
List the names of camera supervisors in the crew.
List the job titles of Sally Menke in the crew.
Provide the names and departments of the person who worked as a music editor in the "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End" movie.
Provide the titles and revenues of the movies produced by the DreamWorks company.
List the genres of Forrest Gump movie.
Find the difference in percentage of the movies under keywords of "woman director" and "independent film".
Which genre does the movie Dancer in the Dark belong to?
How many adventure movies are there that were released in 2000?
Which movies did the company Paramount Pictures produce in 2000?
What keyword can the user use to search for the movie Finding Nemo?
Name the horror movies with positive ratings greater than 7.
How many production companies made more than 150 movies?
What is the role of Mark Hammel?
Which movies have the participation of actor Harrison Ford?
Which character did Orlando Bloom play in the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl?
What is the average number of horror movies among all movies genre?
Calculate the average income made by movies using the keyword "paris". List the title of the movies.
How many production companies does the movie "Four Rooms" have?
Please list the names of all the producers in the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End".
For the movie "Land of the Dead", who is its director?
How many producers does the movie "The Amityville Horror" have?
When was the first movie released?
How many crew are named John Young?
Who is the person associated with the crew id 1325273?
How many horror movies are there?
List 10 movie titles that were produced in France.
Write down five rumoured movie titles within the genre of Drama.
What is the country ID of the movie with the title of "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest"?
What is the ID of the production company which produced the movie "Gladiator"?
Tell the language of the movie "C'era una volta il West".
Provide the homepage of the Bahasa Indonesia movies.
Work out the difference in revenues made between the English and Latin movies.
What is the average revenue made by Latin movies?
What is the longest runtime of all movies?
How many movies were produced by "Eddie Murphy Productions"?
What is the original language of the movie with the tagline "An offer you can't refuse."?
What is the title of the movie with the most keywords?
List the movies released in 1945.
Who is the main actor in the "Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End" movie?
Give the name of the movie with a revenue of 559852396.
What is the title of the movie that was made with the most money and resources?
How many movies have made at least 1 Billion at the box office?
Provide the title of the movie that is most-liked by a large number of people.
Write the person ID and character name of casts between order numbers 1 and 10 in Movie No. 285.
List the film with the highest budget in each genre.
List all the keywords with "christmas" in them.
Provide the overview for the movie "The Pacifier".
How many movies have "vi" as their language code?
