nl_question
Please list the names of the characters in the movie Look Who's Talking.
Which character has the longest screen time in the movie Batman?
Please list the names of the actors who played a role in the movie Batman.
How many movies starring Morgan Freeman are suggested by parental guidance?
Among the movies starring Tom Cruise, which one of them has the best quality?
What is the name of the character played by Tom Cruise in the movie Born on the Fourth of July?
Please list the names of all the characters played by Tom Cruise.
Among the actors who starred in the movie Batman, which one of them is the tallest?
Which movie had the biggest budget? Give the name of the movie.
Who was the actor that played in the movie "Batman" with the longest screentime?
How many movies has the highest networth actor acted in?
Who played the character named "Chanice Kobolowski"?
When is the birthday of the actor who played "Sully"?
Show the birth city of the actor who played "Gabriel Martin".
How tall is the actor who played "Lurch"?
Show the No.3 character name in the credit list of the movie "G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra".
Who played the No.2 character in the credit list of the movie "American Hustle"?
What is the percentage of the USA actors that showed up in the credit list of movie "Mrs. Doubtfire"?
What is the percentage of the actors that showed up in the credit list of movie "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" that were born after "1970/1/1"?
Among the actors born in New York City, list the genre of their movie with a rating greater than 5.
In romantic movies, how many of them starred by John Travolta?
What is the genre of PG rated movie starred by the actor with highest net worth?
What is the MPAA rating and title of the movie starred by Leonardo DiCaprio with highest budget?
Among the actors starred in Die Hard 2, list their net worth and birth date of actors with a height between 60 to 65.
List the runtime of movies starred by an African-American actor born on December 28, 1954.
What is the gross of a comedy movie with a rating lower than 7 and starred by an actor with a net worth greater than $375,000,000.00?
Which movie is the character Dr. Archibald 'Moonlight' Graham from?
Please list the names of the movies starring Tom Cruise.
What is the average rating of all the movies starring Tom Cruise?
How much longer in percentage is the screen time of the most important character in Batman than the least important one?
What is the MPAA rating for the movie with the character named "Peter Quill" in it?
Give the biography of the actor who played "Michael Moscovitz".
Find the actor's name that played as Don Altobello in a drama movie that has a gross of 136766062.
What is the runtime of the movie starred by Jackie Chan with a rating greater than 7?
Which actor played the role of Joker in the movie Batman?
Give the name of the No.1 character in the credit list from the highest rating thriller movie.
What is the net worth of the actor starred in Misery who has a height ranging from 60 to 70 inches tall?
