nl_question
Find the titles of movies that don’t have any rating.
What are the names of movies that do not have any ratings?
Find the names of movies whose rating is ‘G’.
What are names of movies that have a 'G' ratings?
Find the title of the movie that is played in the Odeon theater.
What are the movie titles for ones that are played in the Odeon theater?
Find the names of movies that are played in any theater and the name of the corresponding theater.
What are the names of the movies that are played in any theater and the name of the corresponding theater?
Find the number of movies whose rating is ‘G’.
How many movies had a 'G' rating?
How many movies are playing across all theaters?
How many movies are playing in theaters?
How many distinct movies are on in theaters?
How many different movies are playing?
How many distinct movie theaters are there?
How many different movie theaters exist?
Find the rating of the movie whose name includes the word ‘Citizen’.
What is the rating of the movie what has a name including a word like 'Citizen'?
Find the name of the cinemas that are playing movies with either rating ‘G’ or rating ‘PG’.
What are the names of the movie theaters that are playing 'G' or 'PG' rated movies?
Find the name of the movies that are played in either cinema Odeon or Imperial.
What are the titles of all the movies that played at the Odeon or Imperial theater?
Find the name of the movie that is on in both Odeon and Imperial theaters.
What movie is playing at both the Odeon and Imperial theater?
Find the name of all movies that are not played in Odeon theater.
What are the names of every movie that is not playing at the Odeon theater?
List in alphabetical order the titles of all movies.
What are the movie names in alphabetical order?
Find the titles of all movies sorted by their ratings.
What are the movie names sorted by rating?
Find the name of the theater that is playing the most number of movies.
What is the name of the theater playing the most movies?
Find the name of the movie that is played in the most number of theaters.
What is the name of the film playing at the most number of theaters?
Find the number of movies in each rating.
How many movies exist for each rating?
Find the number of movies whose rating is not null.
How many movies have a rating that is not null?
Find the name of theaters that has at least one movie playing.
What are the names of every theater with at least one movie playing?
Select the name of all movie theaters that are not currently showing a movie.
What are the names of all cinemas not showing any movies?
Find the name of the movie theaters that are playing the movies whose rating is ‘G’.
What are the names of theaters playing 'G' rated movies?
Select the title of all movies.
What are all of the movie names?
Show all the distinct ratings in the database.
What are the different movie ratings?
Show all information of all unrated movies.
What is all the information about the unrated movies?
Show the titles of movies not currently being shown in any theaters.
What are the names of the movies not being shown in any theaters?
