nl_question
How many bands are there?
Find the number of bands.
What are all the labels?
What are the different album labels listed?
Find all the albums in 2012.
return all columns of the albums created in the year of 2012.
Find all the stage positions of the musicians with first name "Solveig"
What are the different stage positions for all musicians whose first name is "Solveig"?
How many songs are there?
Count the number of songs.
Find all the songs performed by artist with last name "Heilo"
What are the names of the songs by the artist whose last name is "Heilo"?
Hom many musicians performed in the song "Flash"?
How many musicians play in the song "Flash"?
Find all the songs produced by artists with first name "Marianne".
What are the names of all songs produced by the artist with the first name "Marianne"?
Who performed the song named "Badlands"? Show the first name and the last name.
What are the first and last names of the artist who perfomed the song "Badlands"?
Who is performing in the back stage position for the song "Badlands"? Show the first name and the last name.
What are the first and last names of the performer who was in the back stage position for the song "Badlands"?
How many unique labels are there for albums?
What are the unique labels for the albums?
What is the label that has the most albums?
What is the label with the most albums?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most number of songs?
What is the last name of the musician who was in the most songs?
What is the last name of the musician that has been at the back position the most?
What is the last name of the musicians who has played back position the most?
Find all the songs whose name contains the word "the".
What are the names of the songs whose title has the word "the"?
What are all the instruments used?
What are the different instruments listed in the database?
What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Le Pop"?
What instruments did the musician with the last name "Heilo" play in the song "Le Pop"?
What is the most used instrument?
What instrument is used the most?
How many songs have used the instrument "drums"?
How many songs use drums as an instrument?
What instruments does the the song "Le Pop" use?
What are the instruments are used in the song "Le Pop"?
How many instruments does the song "Le Pop" use?
How many different instruments are used in the song "Le Pop"?
How many instrument does the musician with last name "Heilo" use?
How many different instruments does the musician with the last name "Heilo" use?
Find all the instruments ever used by the musician with last name "Heilo"?
What are all the instruments used by the musician with the last name "Heilo"?
Which song has the most vocals?
What is the song with the most vocals?
Which vocal type is the most frequently appearring type?
What is the type of vocables that appears most frequently?
Which vocal type has the band mate with last name "Heilo" played the most?
What is the type of vocals that the band member with the last name "Heilo" played the most?
What are the vocal types used in song "Le Pop"?
What are the types of vocals used in the song "Le Pop"?
Find the number of vocal types used in song "Demon Kitty Rag"?
What are the types of vocals used in the song "Demon Kitty Rag"?
How many songs have a lead vocal?
How many songs have vocals of type lead?
Which vocal type did the musician with first name "Solveig" played in the song with title "A Bar in Amsterdam"?
What are the types of vocals that the musician with the first name "Solveig" played in the song "A Bar in Amsterdam"?
Find all the songs that do not have a lead vocal.
What are the names of the songs without a lead vocal?
Find all the vocal types.
What are the different types of vocals?
What are the albums produced in year 2010?
What information is there on albums from 2010?
Who performed the song named "Le Pop"?
What is the first and last name of artist who performed "Le Pop"?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most songs?
What is the last name of the artist who sang the most songs?
What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Badlands"?
What instruments did the musician with the last name "Heilo" play in "Badlands"?
How many instruments does the song "Badlands" use?
How many different instruments are used in the song "Badlands"?
What are the vocal types used in song "Badlands"?
What types of vocals are used in the song "Badlands"?
Find the number of vocal types used in song "Le Pop"
How many vocal types are used in the song "Le Pop"?
How many songs have a shared vocal?
How many different songs have shared vocals?
Find all the songs that do not have a back vocal.
What are the different names of all songs without back vocals?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Solveig" played the most?
What are the types of vocals that the band member with the first name "Solveig" played the most?
Which vocal type did the musician with last name "Heilo" played in the song with title "Der Kapitan"?
What are the types of vocals that the musician with the last name "Heilo" played in "Der Kapitan"?
Find the first name of the band mate that has performed in most songs.
What is the first name of the band mate who perfomed in the most songs?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Marianne" played the most?
What is the vocal type of the band mate whose first name is "Marianne" played the most?
Who is performing in the back stage position for the song "Der Kapitan"? Show the first name and last name.
What is the first and last name of the artist who performed back stage for the song "Der Kapitan"?
Find the name of songs that does not have a back vocal.
What are the names of the songs that do not have back vocals?
What are the songs in album "A Kiss Before You Go: Live in Hamburg"?
What are the song titles on the album "A Kiss Before You Go: Live in Hamburg"?
What are all the songs in albums under label "Universal Music Group"?
What are the names of all the songs whose album is under the label of "Universal Music Group"?
Find the number of songs in all the studio albums.
How many songs appear in studio albums?
