nl_question
How many artists are there?
Count the number of artists.
List the age of all music artists.
What are the ages of all music artists?
What is the average age of all artists?
Return the average age across all artists.
What are the famous titles of the artist "Triumfall"?
Return the famous titles of the artist called "Triumfall".
What are the distinct Famous release dates?
Give the distinct famous release dates for all artists.
Return the dates of ceremony and the results of all music festivals
What are the dates of ceremony and results for each music festival?
What are the category of music festivals with result "Awarded"?
Return the categories of music festivals that have the result "Awarded".
What are the maximum and minimum week on top of all volumes?
Give the maximum and minimum weeks on top across all volumes.
What are the songs in volumes with more than 1 week on top?
Give the songs included in volumes that have more than 1 week on top.
Please list all songs in volumes in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the the songs in volumes, listed in ascending order?
How many distinct artists do the volumes associate to?
Count the number of distinct artists who have volumes.
Please show the date of ceremony of the volumes that last more than 2 weeks on top.
What are the dates of ceremony at music festivals corresponding to volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top?
Please show the songs that have result "nominated" at music festivals.
What are the songs in volumes that have resulted in a nomination at music festivals?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist "Gorgoroth"?
Return the issue dates of volumes that are by the artist named Gorgoroth.
What are the songs in volumes associated with the artist aged 32 or older?
Return names of songs in volumes that are by artists that are at least 32 years old.
What is the average weeks on top of volumes associated with the artist aged 25 or younger?
Return the average number of weeks on top for volumes by artists that are at most 25 years old.
What are the famous title of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top?
Return the famous titles for artists that have volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top.
Please list the age and famous title of artists in descending order of age.
What are the famous titles and ages of each artist, listed in descending order by age?
What is the famous release date of the artist with the oldest age?
Return the famous release date for the oldest artist.
Please show the categories of the music festivals and the count.
Return the number of music festivals of each category.
What is the most common result of the music festival?
Return the result that is most frequent at music festivals.
Please show the categories of the music festivals with count more than 1.
What are the categories of music festivals for which there have been more than 1 music festival?
What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top?
Return the song in the volume that has spent the most weeks on top?
Find the famous titles of artists that do not have any volume.
What are the famous titles of artists who do not have any volumes?
Show the famous titles of the artists with both volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top and volumes that lasted less than 2 weeks on top.
What are the famous titles of artists who have not only had volumes that spent more than 2 weeks on top but also volumes that spent less than 2 weeks on top?
What are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category "Best Song" and result "Awarded"?
Return the dates of ceremony corresponding to music festivals that had the category "Best Song" and result "Awarded".
What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top?
Return the issue date of the volume that has spent the fewest weeks on top.
How many distinct artists have volumes?
Count the number of artists who have had volumes.
Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each, ordered by this count.
How many music festivals have had each kind of result, ordered descending by count?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger?
Return the issue dates of volumes by artists who are at most 23 years old?
