nl_question
List all podcast with its itunes url for all title containing the word 'Dream'.
Name all the categories for podcast titled 'I Heart My Life Show'.
Which category does the podcast titled 'SciFi Tech Talk' belong to?
Of the arts-books and arts-design categories, which one has more podcasts and what is the numerical difference between them?
What is the least common category?
List all the cagetories for all the podcasts with "jessica" in the title.
What is the category for the "Moist Boys" podcast?
Which category is the podcast "Scaling Global" under?
What is the category and itune url of the title "Scaling Global"?
What is the review with the title "Hosts bring the show down" for?
Which "music" podcast has the longest title?
List the urls for all the "fiction-science-fiction" podcasts.
How many podcasts are there in the category which has the most podcasts?
How many total reviews runned at in June 2022 were added to the podcasts?
Indicates the title of all podcasts in the fiction category.
List all the podcast title and its itunes url under the 'society-culture' category.
List the authors who created review for podcast titled 'Pop Rocket' in 2016 with rating less than 5.
Find the author, rating and review creation date of review for podcast title 'In The Thick'.
Which podcast was reviewed the latest? State the date of creation, podcast tile and rating.
Write all the review content belonging to StormCast: The Official Warhammer Age of Sigmar Podcast.
Write all the review titles and the contents belonging to the podcast 'More Stupider: A 90-Day Fiance Podcast' with a review rating of 1.
How many reviews does 'LifeAfter/The Message' have which were rated below 3?
How many podcast reviews with a rating of 3 were created during the first quarter of 2015?
What is the average rating of all the podcasts with reviews created in 2019?
What is the rating and category of the podcast entitled Sitcomadon?
Indicate the id of the reviewer whose itunes id is 1516665400.
What are the titles of the podcasts whose reviews were created between 2018-08-22T11:53:16-07:00 and 2018-11-20T11:14:20-07:00?
To which categories do the podcasts of the reviewer whose id is EFB34EAC8E9397C belong?
Indicate the slug and the itunes url of the podcast whose review content was written Can't stop listening.
What dates were the Don't Lie To Your Life Coach podcast reviews created?
In how many categories were podcast reviews created in the last six months of 2016? List them.
Provide the names of podcasts in the art category in 2018.
List all the podcasts reviewed by a reviewer who has a review titled "Inspired & On Fire!".
What are the titles and categories of all the podcasts with a review that has "Absolutely fantastic" in it?
What is the content of the earliest review for the "Stuff You Should Know" podcast?
How many reviews does "Planet Money" have?
What is the content of the review under the title "really interesting!" and is created on 2018-04-24 at 12:05:16?
Among the reviews for the podcast "Please Excuse My Dead Aunt Sally", how many of them are made in the year 2019?
How many ratings of 5 have been given to the podcast "Please Excuse My Dead Aunt Sally"?
What is the average rating of the podcast "Please Excuse My Dead Aunt Sally"?
