nl_question
How many actors are there?
Count the number of actors.
List the name of actors in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of actors, ordered alphabetically?
What are the characters and duration of actors?
Return the characters and durations for each actor.
List the name of actors whose age is not 20.
What are the names of actors who are not 20 years old?
What are the characters of actors in descending order of age?
Return the characters for actors, ordered by age descending.
What is the duration of the oldest actor?
Return the duration of the actor with the greatest age.
What are the names of musicals with nominee "Bob Fosse"?
Return the names of musicals who have the nominee Bob Fosse.
What are the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not "Tony Award"?
Return the different nominees of musicals that have an award that is not the Tony Award.
Show names of actors and names of musicals they are in.
What are the names of actors and the musicals that they are in?
Show names of actors that have appeared in musical with name "The Phantom of the Opera".
What are the names of actors who have been in the musical titled The Phantom of the Opera?
Show names of actors in descending order of the year their musical is awarded.
What are the names of actors ordered descending by the year in which their musical was awarded?
Show names of musicals and the number of actors who have appeared in the musicals.
How many actors have appeared in each musical?
Show names of musicals which have at least three actors.
What are the names of musicals who have at 3 or more actors?
Show different nominees and the number of musicals they have been nominated.
How many musicals has each nominee been nominated for?
Please show the nominee who has been nominated the greatest number of times.
Who is the nominee who has been nominated for the most musicals?
List the most common result of the musicals.
Return the most frequent result across all musicals.
List the nominees that have been nominated more than two musicals.
Who are the nominees who have been nominated more than two times?
List the name of musicals that do not have actors.
What are the names of musicals who have no actors?
Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both "Tony Award" and "Drama Desk Award".
Who are the nominees who have been nominated for both a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award?
Show the musical nominee with award "Bob Fosse" or "Cleavant Derricks".
Who are the nominees who were nominated for either of the Bob Fosse or Cleavant Derricks awards?
