nl_question
What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year?
What is the name of the song that was released most recently?
What is the id of the longest song?
Find the id of the song that lasts the longest.
Find the names of all English songs.
What are the names of all songs in English?
What are the id of songs whose format is mp3.
What are the id of all the files in mp3 format?
List the name and country of origin for all singers who have produced songs with rating above 9.
What are the different names and countries of origins for all artists whose song ratings are above 9?
List the file size and format for all songs that have resolution lower than 800.
What are the file sizes and formats for all songs with a resolution lower than 800?
What is the name of the artist who produced the shortest song?
What are the names of the artists who sang the shortest song?
What are the names and countries of origin for the artists who produced the top three highly rated songs.
What are the names of the singers who sang the top 3 most highly rated songs and what countries do they hail from?
How many songs have 4 minute duration?
What is the count of the songs that last approximately 4 minutes?
How many artists are from Bangladesh?
How many Bangladeshi artists are listed?
What is the average rating of songs produced by female artists?
How many songs, on average, are sung by a female artist?
What is the most popular file format?
Find the file format that is used by the most files.
Find the names of the artists who are from UK and have produced English songs.
What are the names of the artists that are from the UK and sang songs in English?
Find the id of songs that are available in mp4 format and have resolution lower than 1000.
What is the id of the files that are available in the format of mp4 and a resolution smaller than 1000?
What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla?
What countries are the female artists who sung in the language Bangla from?
What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800?
What is the average song duration for the songs that are in mp3 format and whose resolution below 800?
What is the number of artists for each gender?
How many artists are male and how many are female?
What is the average rating of songs for each language?
What is the average song rating for each language?
Return the gender and name of artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution.
What is the gender and name of the artist who sang the song with the smallest resolution?
For each file format, return the number of artists who released songs in that format.
How many songs were released for each format?
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English.
What are the different names for all songs that have a higher resolution than English songs?
What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre?
What are the names of the songs that have a lower rating than at least one blues song?
What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has "love" in its title?
What are the names of the artists who released a song that has the word love in its title, and where are the artists from?
List the name and gender for all artists who released songs in March.
What are the names and genders of all artists who released songs in the month of March?
List the names of all genres in alphabetical oder, together with its ratings.
What are the names of all genres in alphabetical order, combined with its ratings?
Give me a list of the names of all songs ordered by their resolution.
What are the names of all songs that are ordered by their resolution numbers?
What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720?
What are the ids of all songs that are available on mp4 or have a higher resolution than 720?
List the names of all songs that have 4 minute duration or are in English.
What are the names of all songs that are approximately 4 minutes long or are in English?
What is the language used most often in the songs?
What are the languages that are used most often in songs?
What is the language that was used most often in songs with resolution above 500?
What is the name of the artist, for each language, that has the most songs with a higher resolution than 500?
What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK?
What are the names of all male British artists?
Find the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English.
What are the names of the songs that are modern or sung in English?
Return the names of songs for which format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000.
What are the names of all songs that are in mp3 format and have a resolution lower than 1000?
Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song.
What are the names of all singers that are from the UK and released a song in English?
What are the average rating and resolution of songs that are in Bangla?
What is the average rating and resolution of all bangla songs?
What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes?
What is the maximum and minimum resolution of all songs that are approximately 3 minutes long?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of all songs, for each language, ordered alphabetically by language?
What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
What is the shortest and most poorly rated song for each genre, ordered alphabetically by genre?
Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs.
What are the names and number of works for all artists who have sung at least one song in English?
Find the name and country of origin for all artists who have release at least one song of resolution above 900.
What is the name and country of origin for each artist who has released a song with a resolution higher than 900?
Find the names and number of works of the three artists who have produced the most songs.
What are the names of the three artists who have produced the most songs, and how many works did they produce?
Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs?
What country is the artist who made the fewest songs from?
What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
What are the song names for every song whose rating is less than the minimum rating for English songs?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8?
What is the id of every song that has a resolution higher than that of a song with a rating below 8?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the average resolution of songs in modern genre?
What are the ids of all songs that have higher resolution of the average resolution in the modern genre?
Find the top 3 artists who have the largest number of songs works whose language is Bangla.
What are the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs in the language Bangla?
List the id, genre and artist name of English songs ordered by rating.
What is the id, genre, and name of the artist for every English song ordered by ascending rating?
List the duration, file size and format of songs whose genre is pop, ordered by title?
What is the duration, file size, and song format for every pop song, ordered by title alphabetically?
Find the names of the artists who have produced English songs but have never received rating higher than 8.
What are the names of the different artists that have produced a song in English but have never receieved a rating higher than 8?
Find the names of the artists who are from Bangladesh and have never received rating higher than 7.
What are the names of the different artists from Bangladesh who never received a rating higher than a 7?
