nl_question
How many friends does Dan have?
How many friends does Dan have?
How many females does this network has?
How many females are in the network?
What is the average age for all person?
What is the average age for all people in the table?
How many different cities are they from?
How many different cities do people originate from?
How many type of jobs do they have?
How many different jobs are listed?
Who is the oldest person?
What is the name of the person who is the oldest?
Who is the oldest person whose job is student?
What is the name of the oldest student?
Who is the youngest male?
What is the name of the youngest male?
How old is the doctor named Zach?
What is the age of the doctor named Zach?
Who is the person whose age is below 30?
What is the name of the person whose age is below 30?
How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
HOw many engineers are older than 30?
What is the average age for each gender?
How old is each gender, on average?
What is average age for different job title?
How old is the average person for each job?
What is average age of male for different job title?
What is the average age for a male in each job?
What is minimum age for different job title?
How old is the youngest person for each job?
Find the number of people who is under 40 for each gender.
How many people are under 40 for each gender?
Find the name of people whose age is greater than any engineer sorted by their age.
What is the name of all the people who are older than at least one engineer? Order them by age.
Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers.
How many people are older than every engineer?
list the name, job title of all people ordered by their names.
What are the names and job titles of every person ordered alphabetically by name?
Find the names of all person sorted in the descending order using age.
What are the names of everybody sorted by age in descending order?
Find the name and age of all males in order of their age.
What is the name and age of every male? Order the results by age.
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice.
What are the names and ages of every person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice?
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice.
What are the different names and ages of every friend of either Dan or alice?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30?
What are the names of every person who has a friend over 40 and under 30?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 but not under age 30?
What are the names of the people who are older 40 but no friends under age 30?
Find the name of the person who has no student friends.
What are the names of the people who have no friends who are students?
Find the person who has exactly one friend.
What are the names of everybody who has exactly one friend?
Who are the friends of Bob?
Who are Bob's friends?
Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
What are the names of all of Bob's friends?
Find the names of females who are friends with Zach
What are the names of all females who are friends with Zach?
Find the female friends of Alice.
What are all the friends of Alice who are female?
Find the male friend of Alice whose job is a doctor?
Who are the friends of Alice that are doctors?
Who has a friend that is from new york city?
What are the names of all friends who are from New York?
Who has friends that are younger than the average age?
What are the different names of friends who are younger than the average age for a friend?
Who has friends that are older than the average age? Print their friends and their ages as well
Whare the names, friends, and ages of all people who are older than the average age of a person?
Who is the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
Which friend of Zach has the longest-lasting friendship?
What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
What are the ages of all of Zach's friends who are in the longest relationship?
Find the name of persons who are friends with Alice for the shortest years.
What are the names of all people who are friends with Alice for the shortest amount of time?
Find the name, age, and job title of persons who are friends with Alice for the longest years.
What are the names, ages, and jobs of all people who are friends with Alice for the longest amount of time?
Who is the person that has no friend?
What are the names of all people who do not have friends?
Which person whose friends have the oldest average age?
What is the name of the person who has the oldest average age for their friends, and what is that average age?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin.
What is the total number of people who have no friends living in Austin?
Find Alice's friends of friends.
What are the names of all of Alice's friends of friends?
