nl_question
How many high schoolers are there?
Count the number of high schoolers.
Show the names and grades of each high schooler.
What are the names and grades for each high schooler?
Show all the grades of the high schoolers.
What is the grade of each high schooler?
What grade is Kyle in?
Return the grade for the high schooler named Kyle.
Show the names of all high schoolers in grade 10.
What are the names of all high schoolers in grade 10?
Show the ID of the high schooler named Kyle.
What is Kyle's id?
How many high schoolers are there in grade 9 or 10?
Count the number of high schoolers in grades 9 or 10.
Show the number of high schoolers for each grade.
How many high schoolers are in each grade?
Which grade has the most high schoolers?
Return the grade that has the greatest number of high schoolers.
Show me all grades that have at least 4 students.
Which grades have 4 or more high schoolers?
Show the student IDs and numbers of friends corresponding to each.
How many friends does each student have?
Show the names of high school students and their corresponding number of friends.
What are the names of the high schoolers and how many friends does each have?
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of friends?
Return the name of the high school student with the most friends.
Show the names of high schoolers who have at least 3 friends.
What are the names of high schoolers who have 3 or more friends?
Show the names of all of the high schooler Kyle's friends.
Return the names of friends of the high school student Kyle.
How many friends does the high school student Kyle have?
Count the number of friends Kyle has.
Show ids of all students who do not have any friends.
What are the ids of high school students who do not have friends?
Show names of all high school students who do not have any friends.
What are the names of students who have no friends?
Show the ids of high schoolers who have friends and are also liked by someone else.
What are the ids of students who both have friends and are liked?
Show name of all students who have some friends and also are liked by someone else.
What are the names of high schoolers who both have friends and are liked?
Count the number of likes for each student id.
How many likes correspond to each student id?
Show the names of high schoolers who have likes, and numbers of likes for each.
What are the names of high schoolers who have likes, and how many likes does each have?
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of likes?
Give the name of the student with the most likes.
Show the names of students who have at least 2 likes.
What are the names of students who have 2 or more likes?
Show the names of students who have a grade higher than 5 and have at least 2 friends.
What are the names of high schoolers who have a grade of over 5 and have 2 or more friends?
How many likes does Kyle have?
Return the number of likes that the high schooler named Kyle has.
Find the average grade of all students who have some friends.
What is the average grade of students who have friends?
Find the minimum grade of students who have no friends.
What is the lowest grade of students who do not have any friends?
