nl_question
Please list the names of all the Olympic games that John Aalberg has taken part in.
What was the name of the Olympic game that John Aalberg took part in when he was 31?
When John Aalberg took part in the 1994 Winter Olympic Game, how old was he?
Please list the names of all the Olympic competitors from Finland.
The Olympic competitor John Aalberg is from which region?
What is the NOC code of the region where the tallest male Olympic competitor is from?
Among all the Olympic competitors from Finland, how many of them are female?
In which city was the 1992 Summer Olympic Games held?
Please list the names of the Olympic games that were held in London.
In which year did London hold its earliest Olympic game?
Among the competitors of the 1994 Winter Olympic Game, what is the percentage of those from Finland?
Which sport does the event "Shooting Women's Trap" belong to?
Which city was the host of 1936 Winter Olympic Games?
Tell the number of swimming related events.
Which game has Jessica Carolina Aguilera Aguilera participated in? Give the id of the game.
Give the name of the tallest athlete from Sweden.
How many athletes in the database are from Guatemala?
Who has participated in the most Olympic Games in the database?
How many competitor ids does Martina Kohlov have?
What is the percentage of male athletes from Estonia?
How many 24 years old competitors competed in Men's Basketball?
What are the names of the events under Art Competitions?
How many gold medals does Henk Jan Zwolle have?
What is the name of the event where competitors received the most gold medals?
Which cities hosted at least 3 Olympic games?
How many Summer games were held in Stockholm?
Which region do most of the athletes are from?
Where was the first Olympic game held?
In the Winter and Summer Olympics of 1988, which game has the most number of competitors? Find the difference of the number of competitors between the two games.
What age of the competitors is the most numerous?
In which cities were the 1976 winter and summer games held?
What is the name of the competitor who has won the most medals?
Where is competitor Estelle Nze Minko from?
What is the name of all the sports Chin Eei Hui has competed in?
What is the name of the oldest person who participated in the Olympic Games?
In which Olympic Games have the largest number of women participation?
How many persons participated in the Sapporo Olympics?
In which Olympic Games has Morten Aleksander Djupvik participated?
How many different events are there of Modern Pentathlon?
Calculate the average age of the persons who participated in the 1992 Summer Games.
List out years that only have summer games.
How many athletes participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics?
How many athlete from China participate in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
How many gold medals were given to the winners in the Ice Hockey Men's Ice Hockey event?
List out all the gold medalist winners in cycling sport.
List out all the medals won by Lee Chong Wei.
What is the percentage of female athletes below 20s who participated in the 2002 Winter Olympic?
What is the ratio male to female athletes in the 2012 Summer Olympic?
Which summer Olympic have the highest and lowest number of participants?
What is the average height of male athletes playing basketball sport?
How many female athletes are from the Philippines?
Which region is Yao Ming from?
At what age did Michael Fred Phelps, II join the Olympics?
How many Men's 200 Metres Freestyle events did Ian James Thorpe compete in?
How many times was Larysa Semenivna Latynina (Diriy-) declared as champion in Gymnastics Women's Individual All-Around?
What are the names of the cities where Carl Lewis Borack competed?
Which city was the 1992 Summer Olympic held?
How many athletes over the age of 59 competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
How many 10-year old athletes participated in the Gymnastics Men's Parallel Bars, Teams event?
Which region does the NOC code "COL" stand for?
Provide hockey's sport id.
What is the id of Rio de Janeiro?
How many people have won the gold medal of the event "Rowing Women's Coxed Eights"?
How many kinds of events belong to the sport of cycling?
What is Vijay Singh Chauhan's region name?
When did Roma host the Olympic Games?
How many games has Prithipal Singh participated in?
State the number of athletes in the 1984 Summer Olympic Games who were more than 50 years old.
How many kinds of events does athletics have?
Who is the heaviest athlete from Russia?
Give the height of the tallest athlete from Portugal.
Tell the host city of the 1968 Winter Olympic Games.
Which region has the most athletes?
What is the percentage of athletes from Vanuatu who are taller than 175?
Calculate the average weight of male athletes from Tonga.
From 1900 to 1992, how many games did London host?
Please list all game names that were held in Los Angeles.
What is the game name that was held in Beijing in 2008?
What is the percentage of champions at the age of over 30?
At which age did A Lamusi participate in 2012 Summer?
How many competitors were there who participated in 2000 Summer with age 31?
How many male competitors were there who participated in 1948 Summer?
Please list all competitors' names who participated in 1936 Summer.
Who is the youngest competitor that participated in 2014 Winter?
What is the average age of competitors who participated in 1988 Winter?
What is the percentage of female competitors whose heights are over 170 that participated in the game in 1988?
What is the sport name of "Cross Country Skiing Men's 10/15 kilometres Pursuit" event?
What is the region id of Christine Jacoba Aaftink?
Mention the height of people who belong to region id 7.
What are the id of the games held in London?
State the event name of Basketball.
What is the name of medal that competitor id 9 obtained?
List out the id of event that achieve the gold medal.
Which city were the Olympic games held in 1992?
Which region is the majority of the athletes from?
What is the name of the oldest competitor?
Which sport did John Aalberg participate in?
How many Belgian men have competed in an Olympic Games?
How many different football events are there?
What were the cities in which John Aalberg competed?
How many competitors over the age of 30 participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics?
What is the name of the Olympic game with the most competitors held in Barcelona?
List the name of competitors from Argentina.
What is the average age of Argentina's athletes who participated in the Summer Olympics in 2012?
Calculate the percentage of bronze medals won by men's basketball players.
List the name of the games that Georgios Abaris participated.
Calculate the average age of the competitors who participated in the 1924 Winter.
What is the NOC code of the region of the competitors weighted 77 kg?
List the names of the games held in Paris.
Provide the competitors' names who joined the 2000 Summer.
In which city was the game held where the oldest competitor participated?
What is the name of the youngest competitor?
List down the games ID of games held in Tokyo.
Give the NOC code and region name of the heaviest competitor.
In what year and season did Sohail Abbas compete?
In which city the 2004 Summer was held?
What is the season of the game where a competitor who weighted 73 kg and 180 cm tall, participated?
Provide the names of competitors who received a gold medal.
Provide the age of the tallest competitor.
In the 2014 Winter game, what is the percentage of competitors who age 28 years old?
Among the males, list the region name of people with height greater than 87% of the average height of all people listed.
How many Olympic competitors are from Finland?
For how many times has London held the Olympic games?
For Peter Kohnke, show the name of his/her region.
Who is the youngest person who participated in the Olympics?
How many athletes are from Australia?
How many males from Belgium have participated in an Olympic Games?
Calculate the percentage of women who have participated in Equestrianism Mixed Three-Day Event, Individual.
Which region has the highest medal number?
How many athletes playing in Canoeing fall into overweight BMI category in the 2008 Summer games?
How many athletes are there in the region where Clara Hughes is from?
What is the average age of the athletes from the United States of America who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
Where was the 1920 Summer held?
How many Summer games are there that were held in Paris?
What is the average age of the people who participated in the winter season?
Who is the heaviest athlete?
How many athletes took part in the Olympic games held in Barcelona?
In Barcelona, how many Olympic games were held?
Provide the name of competitors from Greece.
Compute the average height of competitors whose age ranges from 22 to 28.
Show the name of the competitor id 90991.
Calculate the bmi of the competitor id 147420.
In which cities beginning with the letter M have the Olympic Games been held?
How many Olympics games were held during the 90s?
How many Olympic games were held in London?
How many 20 years old athletes were there in the 1984 Summer Olympic Games?
State the name of the city that held game id 3.
List out the name of the game that the people participated in games id 13.
What is the percentage of the people who are under 35 and participated in the summer season?
What is the average height of the male Olympic competitors from Finland?
How many Olympic Games has London hosted?
How many Olympic events did Michael Phelps II join in total? Find the percentage of the events where he won a gold medal.
Among the Olympic games held in Los Angeles, what is the name of the Olympic game that has the most number of competitors?
Tell the weight of Dagfinn Sverre Aarskog.
What is the percentage of people whose age greater than 24 and participate in winter season?
How many people who are below 30 and participated in the summer season?
