nl_question
How many exams are there?
Count the number of exams.
List the distinct subject code of exams in ascending alphabetical order .
Give me an alphabetically ordered list of the distinct subject code for exams.
What are the names and dates of the exams with subject code that is not "Database"?
Find the exams whose subject code is not "Database". What are the exam dates and exam names?
List the dates of the exams with subject code containing the word "data", in descending order of dates.
What are the dates of the exams whose subject code contains the substring "data"? Return them in descending order of dates.
What are the type of questions and their counts?
For each question type, return its type code and its count of occurrence.
What are the distinct student answer texts that received comments "Normal"?
List all the distinct student answer texts to which comments "Normal" were given?
How many different comments are there for student answers?
Count the number of different comments for student answers.
List all the student answer texts in descending order of count.
Sort the student answer texts in descending order of their frequency of occurrence.
Please show the first names of students and the dates of their answers.
For each student answer, find the first name of the student and the date of the answer.
Please show the email addresses of students and the dates of their answers in descending order of dates.
For each student answer, find the email address of the student and the date of the answer. Sort them in descending order of dates.
Please show the least common assessment for students.
Which assessment has the smallest frequency count?
Please show the first names of the students that have at least two answer records.
Which students have 2 or more answer records? Give me their first names.
What is the most common valid answer text?
Find the valid answer text that appeared most frequently.
List the last names of the students whose gender is not "M".
What are the last names of the students with gender other than "M"?
List each gender and the corresponding number of students.
For each gender, return the gender code and the number of students who identify as that gender.
List the last names of the students whose gender is "F" or "M".
Which students identify their gender as "F" or "M"? Give me their last names.
List the first names of the students who do not have any answers.
Which students do not have any answers? Find their first names.
Show the student answer texts that received both "Normal" and "Absent" as comments.
Which student answer texts were given both "Normal" and "Absent" as comments?
Show the types of questions that have at least three questions.
Which types of questions have 3 or more questions? Return the questions type code.
Show all information on students.
What is al the available information of each student?
