nl_question
How many conductors are there?
Count the number of conductors.
List the names of conductors in ascending order of age.
What are the names of conductors, ordered by age?
What are the names of conductors whose nationalities are not "USA"?
Return the names of conductors that do not have the nationality "USA".
What are the record companies of orchestras in descending order of years in which they were founded?
Return the record companies of orchestras, sorted descending by the years in which they were founded.
What is the average attendance of shows?
Return the average attendance across all shows.
What are the maximum and minimum share of performances whose type is not "Live final".
Return the maximum and minimum shares for performances that do not have the type "Live final".
How many different nationalities do conductors have?
Count the number of different nationalities of conductors.
List names of conductors in descending order of years of work.
What are the names of conductors, sorted descending by the number of years they have worked?
List the name of the conductor with the most years of work.
What is the name of the conductor who has worked the greatest number of years?
Show the names of conductors and the orchestras they have conducted.
What are the names of conductors as well as the corresonding orchestras that they have conducted?
Show the names of conductors that have conducted more than one orchestras.
What are the names of conductors who have conducted at more than one orchestra?
Show the name of the conductor that has conducted the most number of orchestras.
What is the name of the conductor who has conducted the most orchestras?
Please show the name of the conductor that has conducted orchestras founded after 2008.
What are the names of conductors who have conducted orchestras founded after the year 2008?
Please show the different record companies and the corresponding number of orchestras.
How many orchestras does each record company manage?
Please show the record formats of orchestras in ascending order of count.
What are the major record formats of orchestras, sorted by their frequency?
List the record company shared by the most number of orchestras.
What is the record company used by the greatest number of orchestras?
List the names of orchestras that have no performance.
What are the orchestras that do not have any performances?
Show the record companies shared by orchestras founded before 2003 and after 2003.
What are the record companies that are used by both orchestras founded before 2003 and those founded after 2003?
Find the number of orchestras whose record format is "CD" or "DVD".
Count the number of orchestras that have CD or DVD as their record format.
Show the years in which orchestras that have given more than one performance are founded.
What are years of founding for orchestras that have had more than a single performance?
