nl_question
How many regions do we have?
Count the number of regions.
Show all distinct region names ordered by their labels.
What are the different region names, ordered by labels?
How many parties do we have?
Count the number of different parties.
Show the ministers and the time they took and left office, listed by the time they left office.
Who are the ministers, when did they take office, and when did they leave office, ordered by when they left office?
Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959.
Who are the ministers who took office after 1961 or before 1959?
Show all ministers who do not belong to Progress Party.
Which ministers are not a part of the Progress Party?
Show all ministers and parties they belong to in descending order of the time they took office.
Who are the ministers and what parties do they belong to, listed descending by the times they took office?
Return the minister who left office at the latest time.
Which minister left office the latest?
List member names and their party names.
What are the names of members and their corresponding parties?
Show all party names and the number of members in each party.
How many members are in each party?
What is the name of party with most number of members?
Return the name of the party with the most members.
Show all party names and their region names.
What are the names of parties and their respective regions?
Show names of parties that does not have any members.
What are the names of parties that have no members?
Show the member names which are in both the party with id 3 and the party with id 1.
Which member names are shared among members in the party with the id 3 and the party with the id 1?
Show member names that are not in the Progress Party.
Which member names corresponding to members who are not in the Progress Party?
How many party events do we have?
Count the number of party events.
Show party names and the number of events for each party.
How many events are there for each party?
Show all member names who are not in charge of any event.
What are the names of members who are not in charge of any events?
What are the names of parties with at least 2 events?
Return the names of parties that have two or more events.
What is the name of member in charge of greatest number of events?
Return the name of the member who is in charge of the most events.
find the event names that have more than 2 records.
Which event names were used more than twice for party events?
How many Annual Meeting events happened in the United Kingdom region?
Count the number of Annual Meeting events that took place in the region of the United Kingdom.
