nl_question
Provide the list of products with pesticide residues detected.
What is the most effective extraction method in terms of pesticide residues detection?
What is the most effective determinative method in terms of pesticide residues detection?
What are the top 5 analyzing labs where pesticide residues detection was conducted?
Wha commodity type of apple has the highest pesticide residues to consume?
Rank the country of product origins in terms of pesticide residues detection.
What type of collection facility results in the most risky consumption in terms of pesticide residues detection?
What are the country of product origins where pesticide residues were not detected?
how many entries are of each specific food?
which pesticides are most used?
which pesticides have been used the least?
how was a specific sample tested?
in which state was a specific sample grown?
in which state was a specific sample packed?
in which state was a specific sample distributed?
show all imported samples?
which foods are captured in the data set?
how many samples have unknown countries of origin?
Which are the top 10 commodities that have the highest residue during 2015?
Name some imported commodities that are not found in the US.
Tell me the average pesticide residue for each state in the US where food is grown.
Which varieties of apple typically have higher pesticide levels?
Which commodities have the pesticides concentration much higher than their limit for detection?
Which country is the safest in terms of the pesticide concentration found in imported foods?
Which is the most popular state in the US in terms of commodities distribution?
What is the maximum pesticide concentration ever found in a commodity?
When is sample 3763 collected?
Which state has the most apple collected?
Which state has grow the most apples?
How many class of products are there?
what's the 4 digit collection code of sample 3763?
How many number of units are there in sample 9628?
What's the code for test for sample 7498?
What's the code for confirmation for the latest sample?
Which lab has analyzed the most sample?
What's the majority of test classification result?
What's the unit of measure for sample 3879?
What's the unit of measure used for the product commodity code PO?
What's the mean result finding for product AP?
What's the most common extraction method?
Which lab is used for testing for prodict AP?
How many samples come from other countries?
What kind of food has been tested 'detect' most?
Which state produce the most organic food?
Where do the US import the most food ?
What kind of food has been test the most?
Which kind of pesticide is the easiest to be tested?
