nl_question
Find the number of pets whose weight is heavier than 10.
How many pets have a greater weight than 10?
Find the weight of the youngest dog.
How much does the youngest dog weigh?
Find the maximum weight for each type of pet. List the maximum weight and pet type.
List the maximum weight and type for each type of pet.
Find number of pets owned by students who are older than 20.
How many pets are owned by students that have an age greater than 20?
Find the number of dog pets that are raised by female students (with sex F).
How many dog pets are raised by female students?
Find the number of distinct type of pets.
How many different types of pet are there?
Find the first name of students who have cat or dog pet.
What are the first names of every student who has a cat or dog as a pet?
Find the first name of students who have both cat and dog pets .
What are the students' first names who have both cats and dogs as pets?
Find the major and age of students who do not have a cat pet.
What major is every student who does not own a cat as a pet, and also how old are they?
Find the id of students who do not have a cat pet.
What are the ids of the students who do not own cats as pets?
Find the first name and age of students who have a dog but do not have a cat as a pet.
What is the first name of every student who has a dog but does not have a cat?
Find the type and weight of the youngest pet.
What type of pet is the youngest animal, and how much does it weigh?
Find the id and weight of all pets whose age is older than 1.
What is the id and weight of every pet who is older than 1?
Find the average and maximum age for each type of pet.
What is the average and maximum age for each pet type?
Find the average weight for each pet type.
What is the average weight for each type of pet?
Find the first name and age of students who have a pet.
What are the different first names and ages of the students who do have pets?
Find the id of the pet owned by student whose last name is ‘Smith’.
What is the id of the pet owned by the student whose last name is 'Smith'?
Find the number of pets for each student who has any pet and student id.
For students who have pets , how many pets does each student have ? list their ids instead of names .
Find the first name and gender of student who have more than one pet.
What is the first name and gender of the all the students who have more than one pet?
Find the last name of the student who has a cat that is age 3.
What is the last name of the student who has a cat that is 3 years old?
Find the average age of students who do not have any pet .
What is the average age for all students who do not own any pets ?
