nl_question
the names of models that launched between 2002 and 2004.
Which model has the least amount of RAM? List the model name and the amount of RAM.
What are the chip model and screen mode of the phone with hardware model name "LG-P760"?
How many phone hardware models are produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What is maximum and minimum RAM size of phone produced by company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What is the average ROM size of phones produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
List the hardware model name and company name for all the phones that were launched in year 2002 or have RAM size greater than 32.
Find all phones that have word 'Full' in their accreditation types. List the Hardware Model name and Company name.
Find the Char cells, Pixels and Hardware colours for the screen of the phone whose hardware model name is "LG-P760".
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
Find the name of the company that has the least number of phone models. List the company name and the number of phone model produced by that company.
List the name of the company that produced more than one phone model.
List the maximum, minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode.
List the name of the phone model launched in year 2002 and with the highest RAM size.
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named "LG-P760"?
List the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type "Text" or RAM size greater than 32.
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" or whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
List the hardware model name for the phons that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" but whose screen mode type is not Text.
List the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is between 10 and 15.
Find the number of phones for each accreditation type.
How many phones belongs to each accreditation type?
Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use.
Find the details for all chip models.
How many models do not have the wifi function?
Count the number of chip model that do not have wifi.
List all the model names sorted by their launch year.
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone.
Find the names of the chip models that are not used by any phone with full accreditation type.
Find the pixels of the screen modes that are used by both phones with full accreditation types and phones with Provisional accreditation types.
