nl_question
What is the name of the oldest pilot?
Return the name of the oldest pilot.
What are the names of pilots whose age is below the average age, ordered by age?
Return the names of pilots who are younger than average, ordered by age ascending.
Find all information of on pilots whose age is less than 30.
What is all the information about pilots who are younger than 30 ?
Find the names of all pilots who have a plane named Piper Cub and is under 35.
What are the names of pilots who are younger than 35 and have a plane named Piper Cub?
Where is the plane F-14 Fighter located?
Return the location of the hangar in which F-14 Fighter is located.
How many different places have some plane?
Count the number of different locations of hangars.
Which plane does the pilot Jones with age 32 has?
What are the names of planes that the pilot Jones who is 32 has?
How many pilots who are older than 40?
Count the number of pilots with age greater than 40.
How many plane B-52 Bomber owned by the pilot who is under 35?
Count the number of B-52 Bombers owned by pilots under 35.
Who is the youngest pilot to fly the plane Piper Cub?
Return the name of the youngest pilot to fly Piper Cub.
What is the name of the most popular plane?
What is the name of the plane that is flown the most often?
What is the name of the least popular plane?
What is the name of the plane that is flown the least often?
How many pilots whose planes are in Chicago?
Count the number of pilots who have planes in Chicago.
What are the planes owned by pilot Smith with age 41?
Return the names of planes owned by the pilot whose name is Smith and is 41 years old.
How many distinct planes are owned across all pilots?
Count the number of different plane names across all pilots.
How many planes are owned by the pilot whose name is Smith?
Count the number of planes Smith owns.
How many planes are controlled by the pilots whose age is older than 40?
Count the number of planes flown by pilots older than 40.
Find the names of all pilots with age between 30 and 40 sorted by their ages in ascending order.
What are the names of pilots between the ages of 30 and 40, ordered by age ascending?
List all pilot names sorted by their ages in the descending order.
What are the names of pilots, ordered by age descending?
Find all locations of planes sorted by the plane name.
What are the locations of the different planes, ordered by plane name?
List all distinct types of planes owned by all pilots in alphabetic order?
What are the different plane names, ordered alphabetically?
How many pilots who are older than 40 or younger than 30?
Count the number of pilots with age greater than 40 or less than 30.
What are the names and ages of pilots who own plane Piper Cub and are older than 35, or have F-14 Fighter and are younger than 30?
Return the names and ages of pilors who have flown Piper Cub and are older than 35, or have flown the F-14 Fighter and are younger than 30.
Find pilots who own plane Piper Cub but not B-52 Bomber.
What are the names of pilots who have flown Piper Cub but not the B-52 Bomber?
Find pilots who own planes Piper Cub and B-52 Bomber.
What are the names of pilots who own both Piper Cub and the B-52 Bomber?
What are the average and smallest ages of all pilots?
Return the average and minimum ages across all pilots.
What are the names of pilots who have planes in both Austin and Boston?
Give the names of pilots who have planes in Austin and Boston.
Find the pilots who have either plane Piper Cub or plane F-14 Fighter.
What are the names of pilots who have either the Piper Cub or the F-14 Fighter?
What is the average age of pilots for different types of planes?
Return the average age of pilots for each plane name.
Find the number of planes for each type.
Count the number of entries for each plane name.
Find the name of the oldest pilot for each type of plane, and order the results by plane name.
What are the different plane names, and what are the names of the oldest pilot who has each, ordered by plane name?
What are the names of oldest pilots for each type of plane?
Return the names of the different planes, as well as the names of the oldest pilots who flew each.
Find the max age for each group of pilots with the same name.
What are the different pilot names, and what are the maximum ages of pilots for each?
For each city, find the number and average age of pilots who have a plane.
What are the different hangar locations and how many pilots correspond to each. Also, what are their average ages?
Find the number of pilots for the plane types with average pilot age below 35.
What are the different plane names of planes with an average pilot age of below 35, and how many pilots have flown each of them?
Find the location of the plane that is owned by the youngest pilot.
What is the location of the plane that was flown by the pilot with the lowest age?
Find the name and age of pilots who have a plane in Austin.
What are the names and ages of pilots who have planes located in Austin?
List in alphabetic order the names of pilots whose age is greater than some pilots having plane Piper Cub.
Return the names of pilots who are older than any pilot who has flown Piper Cub, ordered alphabetically.
Find the number of pilots whose age is younger than all pilots whose plane is F-14 Fighter.
How many pilots are younger than all pilots who own the F-14 Fighter?
Find all different planes whose names contain substring 'Bomber'.
What are the different plane names that contain the word Bomber?
Find the number of all pilots whose age is older than some pilot who has plane Piper Cub.
How many pilots are older than the youngest pilot who has Piper Cub?
