nl_question
Who receieved the heaviest package?
What is the name of the client who received the heaviest package?
What is the total weight of all the packages that customer Leo Wong sent?
What is the total weight for all packages that Leo Wong sent?
What is the position of Amy Wong?
What position does Amy Wong have?
What is Turanga Leela's salary and position?
What is the salary and position of the employee named Turanga Leela?
What is the average salary of all intern jobs?
What is the average salary of an intern?
What level is Physician?
What is the clearance level of a physician?
List Package Number of all package sent by Leo Wong?
What is the number of all packages that Leo Wong sent?
List all package numbers received by Leo Wong ?
What are all of the package numbers received by Leo Wong?
List all package sent or received by Leo Wong.
What are all the different package numbers that Leo Wong sent or received?
Count the number of packages sent by Ogden Wernstrom and received by Leo Wong.
How many packages sent by Ogden Wernstrom and received by Leo Wong?
What are the contents of package sent by John Zoidfarb?
What are the package contents of all those sent by John Zoidfarb?
What is the heaviest package sent by the clients which 'John' is part of their name? List package number and weight.
What is the package number and weight of the heaviest package that was sent by a client named John or something similar?
List package number and weight of top 3 lightest packages.
What is the package number and weight of the 3 lightest packages?
Who sent most number of packages? List client name and number of packages sent by that client.
What is the name of the client who sent the most packages and how many were there?
Who received least number of packages ? List client name and number of packages received by that client .
What is the smallest number of packages received and by whom ?
Who sent more than one packages? List the client's name.
What is the name of all clients who sent more than one package?
What are the Coordinates of planet Mars?
What are the coordinates of the planet named Mars?
List all Planets' names and coordinates in alphabetical order of name.
What are the names and coordinates of all planets in alphabetical order by name?
List all shipment id under Phillip J. Fry's management.
What are the shipment IDs of every delivery managed by Phillip J Fry?
List the dates of all shipments.
What are the dates of every shipment in the database?
List all shipment ids for the planet Mars.
What are the shipment ids for the planet Mars?
List all shipment ids for the planet Mars and under the management of Turanga Leela.
What are the ids of all shipments on the planet Mars that are managed by Turanga Leela?
List all shipment ids on the planet Mars or under the management of Turanga Leela.
What are the ids for all shipments on the planet Mars that Turanga Leela manages?
What is the total shipments in each planet? List the planet name and total shipments.
How many shipments take place on each planet?
Which planet has most shipments? List the planet name.
What is the name of the planet with the most shipments?
List the manger's name and number of shipments under his management.
What are the number of shipments managed and names of each manager?
Calculate total weight of package shipped on Mars.
what is the total weight of all packages shipped on Mars?
Calculate total weight of package shipped in each planet . show the name of each planet .
what is the total package weight for each planet, list its name ?
Which planet has total weight of shipment greater than 30? List planet name.
What are the names of all planets tjat have a total shipment weight greater than 30?
List package number of package shipped in planet Omicron Persei 8 and sent by Zapp Brannigan.
What are the number of packages sent by Zapp Brannigan and shipped on the Omicron Persei 8?
List package number of packages shipped in Omicron Persei 8 planet or sent by Zapp Brannigan.
What are the number of packages shipped on Omicron Persei 8 planet or sent by Zapp Brannigan?
Which packages have weight between 10 and 30? List the package number and weight.
What are the package numbers and weights that are between 10 and 30?
Which employees do not have clearance in Mars? List employee's name.
What are the names of all employees who don't have clearance on Mars?
Which employees have clearance in Omega III? List employees' name.
What are the names of all employees with clearance on Omega III?
Which planets that have exact one employee has clearance? List planets' name.
What are the names of all planets with one employee that has clearance?
Which employees have salaries between 5000 and 10000? List employees' name.
What are the employees's names for those that have salaries between 5000 and 10000?
Find the name of employees whose salary is above the average salary or more than 5000.
What are the names of all employees who have a salary greater than average or more than 5000?
Find the number of employees who do not have clearance in Mars .
What is the number of employees that do not have clearance on Mars ?
