nl_question
How many poker players are there?
Count the number of poker players.
List the earnings of poker players in descending order.
What are the earnings of poker players, ordered descending by value?
List the final tables made and the best finishes of poker players.
What are the final tables made and best finishes for all poker players?
What is the average earnings of poker players?
Return the average earnings across all poker players.
What is the money rank of the poker player with the highest earnings?
Return the money rank of the player with the greatest earnings.
What is the maximum number of final tables made among poker players with earnings less than 200000?
Return the maximum final tables made across all poker players who have earnings below 200000.
What are the names of poker players?
Return the names of all the poker players.
What are the names of poker players whose earnings is higher than 300000?
Give the names of poker players who have earnings above 300000.
List the names of poker players ordered by the final tables made in ascending order.
What are the names of poker players, ordered ascending by the number of final tables they have made?
What is the birth date of the poker player with the lowest earnings?
Return the birth date of the poker player with the lowest earnings.
What is the money rank of the tallest poker player?
Return the money rank of the poker player with the greatest height.
What is the average earnings of poker players with height higher than 200?
Give average earnings of poker players who are taller than 200.
What are the names of poker players in descending order of earnings?
Return the names of poker players sorted by their earnings descending.
What are different nationalities of people and the corresponding number of people from each nation?
How many people are there of each nationality?
What is the most common nationality of people?
Give the nationality that is most common across all people.
What are the nationalities that are shared by at least two people?
Return the nationalities for which there are two or more people.
List the names and birth dates of people in ascending alphabetical order of name.
What are the names and birth dates of people, ordered by their names in alphabetical order?
Show names of people whose nationality is not "Russia".
What are the names of people who are not from Russia?
List the names of people that are not poker players.
What are the names of people who do not play poker?
How many distinct nationalities are there?
Count the number of different nationalities.
