nl_question
Find the names of all the catalog entries.
What are all the catalog entry names?
Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions.
What are the attribute data types with more than 3 attribute definitions?
What is the attribute data type of the attribute with name "Green"?
Find the attribute data type for the attribute named "Green".
Find the name and level of catalog structure with level between 5 and 10.
What are the name and level of catalog structure with level number between 5 and 10
Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
Which catalog publishers have substring "Murray" in their names?
Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs?
Find the catalog publisher that has the most catalogs.
Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5.
What are the name and publication date of the catalogs with catalog level number above 5?
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute possessed by most entries.
Find the entry names of the catalog with the attribute that have the most entries.
What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog (in USD)?
Find the entry name of the catalog with the highest price (in USD).
What is the level name of the cheapest catalog (in USD)?
Find the level name of the catalog with the lowest price (in USD).
What are the average and minimum price (in Euro) of all products?
Give me the average and minimum price (in Euro) of the products.
What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Which catalog content has the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Find the name of the product that has the smallest capacity.
Which catalog content has the smallest capacity? Return the catalog entry name.
Find the names of all the products whose stock number starts with "2".
Which catalog contents have a product stock number that starts from "2"? Show the catalog entry names.
Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8.
What are the names of catalog entries with level number 8?
Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5.
Which catalog contents have length below 3 or above 5? Find the catalog entry names.
Find the name and attribute ID of the attribute definitions with attribute value 0.
Which attribute definitions have attribute value 0? Give me the attribute name and attribute ID.
Find the name and capacity of products with price greater than 700 (in USD).
Which catalog contents has price above 700 dollars? Show their catalog entry names and capacities.
Find the dates on which more than one revisions were made.
On which days more than one revisions were made on catalogs.
How many products are there in the records?
Find the total number of catalog contents.
Name all the products with next entry ID greater than 8.
What are the catalog entry names of the products with next entry ID above 8?
