nl_question
How many products are there?
Count the number of products.
How many colors are there?
Count the number of colors.
How many characteristics are there?
Count the number of characteristics.
What are the names and buying prices of all the products?
Return the names and typical buying prices for all products.
List the description of all the colors.
What are the descriptions for each color?
Find the names of all the product characteristics.
What are the different names of the product characteristics?
What are the names of products with category "Spices"?
Return the names of products in the category 'Spices'.
List the names, color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category "Herbs".
What are the names, color descriptions, and product descriptions for products in the 'Herbs' category?
How many products are there under the category "Seeds"?
Count the number of products in the category 'Seeds'.
Find the number of products with category "Spices" and typically sold above 1000.
How many products are in the 'Spices' category and have a typical price of over 1000?
What is the category and typical buying price  of the product with name "cumin"?
Return the category code and typical price of 'cumin'.
Which category does the product named "flax" belong to?
What is the code of the category that the product with the name 'flax' belongs to?
What is the name of the product with the color description 'yellow'?
Give the name of the products that have a color description 'yellow'.
Find the category descriptions of the products whose descriptions include letter 't'.
What are the descriptions of the categories that products with product descriptions that contain the letter t are in?
What is the color description of the product with name "catnip"?
Give the color description for the product 'catnip'.
What is the color code and description of the product named "chervil"?
Return the color code and description for the product with the name 'chervil'.
Find the id and color description of the products with at least 2 characteristics.
What are the product ids and color descriptions for products with two or more characteristics?
List all the product names with the color description "white".
What are the names of products with 'white' as their color description?
What are the name and typical buying and selling prices of the products that have color described as "yellow"?
Return the names and typical buying and selling prices for products that have 'yellow' as their color description.
How many characteristics does the product named "sesame" have?
Count the number of characteristics the product 'sesame' has.
How many distinct characteristic names does the product "cumin" have?
Count the number of different characteristic names the product 'cumin' has.
What are all the characteristic names of product "sesame"?
Return the characteristic names of the 'sesame' product.
List all the characteristic names and data types of product "cumin".
What are the names and data types of the characteristics of the 'cumin' product?
List all characteristics of product named "sesame" with type code "Grade".
What are the names of the characteristics of the product 'sesame' that have the characteristic type code 'Grade'?
How many characteristics does the product named "laurel" have?
Count the number of characteristics of the product named 'laurel'.
Find the number of characteristics that the product "flax" has.
Count the number of characteristics of the 'flax' product.
Find the name of the products that have the color description "red" and have the characteristic name "fast".
What are the names of the products that have a color description of 'red' and the 'fast' characteristic?
How many products have the characteristic named "hot"?
Count the number of products with the 'hot' charactersitic.
List the all the distinct names of the products with the characteristic name 'warm'.
What are the different product names for products that have the 'warm' characteristic:?
Find the number of the products that have their color described as "red" and have a characteristic named "slow".
How many products have the color description 'red' and the characteristic name 'slow'?
Count the products that have the color description "white" or have the characteristic name "hot".
How many products have their color described as 'white' or have a characteristic with the name 'hot'?
What is the unit of measuerment of the product category code "Herbs"?
Return the unit of measure for 'Herb' products.
Find the product category description of the product category with code "Spices".
What is the description of the product category with the code 'Spices'?
What is the product category description and unit of measurement of category "Herbs"?
Return the description and unit of measurement for products in the 'Herbs' category.
What is the unit of measurement of product named "cumin"?
Give the unit of measure for the product with the name 'cumin'.
Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
What are the unit of measure and category code for the 'chervil' product?
Find the product names that are colored 'white' but do not have unit of measurement "Handful".
What are the names of products that are not 'white' in color and are not measured by the unit 'Handful'?
What is the description of the color for most products?
Return the color description that is most common across all products.
What is the description of the color used by least products?
Give the color description that is least common across products.
What is the characteristic name used by most number of the products?
Return the name of the characteristic that is most common across all products.
What are the names, details and data types of the characteristics which are never used by any product?
Give the names, details, and data types of characteristics that are not found in any product.
What are characteristic names used at least twice across all products?
Give the names of characteristics that are in two or more products?
How many colors are never used by any product?
Count the number of colors that are not used in any products.
