nl_question
Find the names of channels that are not owned by CCTV.
Which channels are not owned by CCTV? Give me the channel names.
List all channel names ordered by their rating in percent from big to small.
Give me a list of all the channel names sorted by the channel rating in descending order.
What is the owner of the channel that has the highest rating ratio?
Show me the owner of the channel with the highest rating.
how many programs are there?
Count the number of programs.
list all the names of programs, ordering by launch time.
What is the list of program names, sorted by the order of launch date?
List the name, origin and owner of each program.
What are the name, origin and owner of each program?
find the name of the program that was launched most recently.
Which program was launched most recently? Return the program name.
find the total percentage share of all channels owned by CCTV.
What is the total share (in percent) of all the channels owned by CCTV?
Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning.
Which channels are broadcast in the morning? Give me the channel names.
what are the names of the channels that broadcast in both morning and night?
Which channels broadcast both in the morning and at night? Give me the channel names.
how many programs are broadcast in each time section of the day?
Count the number of programs broadcast for each time section of a day.
find the number of different programs that are broadcast during night time.
How many distinct programs are broadcast at "Night" time?
Find the names of programs that are never broadcasted in the morning.
Which programs are never broadcasted in the morning? Give me the names of the programs.
find the program owners that have some programs in both morning and night time.
Who are the owners of the programs that broadcast both in the morning and at night?
List all program origins in the alphabetical order.
What is the list of program origins ordered alphabetically?
what is the number of different channel owners?
Count the number of distinct channel owners.
find the names of programs whose origin is not in Beijing.
Which programs' origins are not "Beijing"? Give me the program names.
What are the names of the channels owned by CCTV or HBS?
List the names of all the channels owned by either CCTV or HBS
Find the total rating ratio for each channel owner.
What is the total rating of channel for each channel owner?
Find the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently.
Which program is broadcast most frequently? Give me the program name.
