nl_question
How many "bars" are there in the Yelp business?
How many more "buffets" than "gyms" in Yelp business?
What business category is the Yelp business which got the most 5 star reviews in?
For the Yelp business which had the most number of "long" reviews, which category does it belong to?
For the Yelp business which had the most number of "short" tips, which category does it belong to?
There was only one tip that user No. 69722 gave to the Yelp business, what was the ratings of that business?
Which closed/not running Yelp business in "Sun City" has got the most reviews? Give the business id.
For the only Yelp business in "Yuma" city, how many "medium" reviews did it get?
Does Yelp business No."4960" have TV?
Tell the number of "hair removal" Yelp businesses.
How many more "Chinese" than "Filipino" Yelp businesses?
User No."63469" has got "1" like for a tip to the Yelp business, which city is that business located in?
How many "cute" type of compliments does user No. 57400 get?
Indicate the opening hours of businesses are with category in fashion.
Please indicate the review count of the "active life" businesses in Phoenix.
How many compliments received from medium users that Phoenix city achieved?
Provide the businesses name in Tempe city whose opening hours are earlier than 8AM.
How many businesses in Scottsdale are rated as "wonderful experience"?
What is the average rating of inactive businesses?
Please list all business IDs in Mesa city that review stars of over 3.
What are the attribute numbers that are related to payment?
Please state any three business numbers in AZ state that have received the "Great experience" review stars.
How many "cool" compliments did user number 33 receive?
What are the opening hours of business number 53 on Friday?
How many businesses are there in Scottsdale city under the category of "Beauty & Spas"?
Please list any two user numbers that have an "Uber" number of cute compliments.
How long does business number 12 in Scottsdale stay open on day number 3?
How many Yelp_Businesses in Scottsdale have received positive comments in the Elitestar rating?
Please list the cities of the Yelp_Businesses that have gotten a 5 in the Elitestar rating.
How many Yelp_Businesses do not provide alcohol?
How many Yelp_Business falls under the category of "Shopping"?
Under which categories is Yelp_Business no. 1?
How many Yelp_Business in Anthem are under the category of "Food"?
Please list the business ID of the Yelp_Business with the highest Elitestar rating under the category "Food".
How many Yelp_Business in Arizona has user no. 3 reviewed?
How many Yelp_Business close after 8PM on Mondays?
Please list the opening time on Mondays of all the Yelp_Businesses in Anthem that are still running.
Among the Yelp_Business in Arizona, how many of them closes at 12PM on Sundays?
How many users became an elite user the same year they joined Yelp?
How many stars on average does user no.3 give to Yelp_Business in Arizona?
What is the review length of user 35026 to business with business ID 2?
In businesses with a category of mexican, how many of them has a star rating below 4?
List the active business ID and its stars of the businesses fall under the category of Fashion.
Among the active businesses located at Chandler, AZ, list the category and atrributes of business with a medium review count.
List the categories of active businesses in Surprise, AZ.
What is the opening time of the active businesses in Chandler that has a medium review count.
Among the businesses with a category of Accessories, what is the percentage of the business with less than 4 stars?
List the closing time and day of week of active businesses in Tempe with stars greater than the 70% of average age of star rating.
How many users received high compliment type in photo?
Which business in fashion category has the most review?
Calculate the increment percentage of elite user for each year since year 2005.
What is the average number of review received by each business given that the user is an elite?
What is the review length of user 60776 to business with business ID 1?
Among the businesses in Scottsdale, list the attribute of the business with a high review count.
List the active business ID and its stars of the businesses fall under the category of Pets.
What is the attribute of the business with highest star rating?
List the categories of inactive businesses in AZ.
Find the location of businesses that has business hours from 9 am to 9 pm every Saturday.
What is the attribute value of an inactive business with a medium review count and 3.5 stars which is located at Phoenix, AZ?
What is the opening time of the active businesses in Surprise that has a low review count.
Among the businesses with a category of Local Services, what is the percentage of the business with less than 3 stars?
List the closing time and day of week of active businesses in Scottsdale with stars greater than the 60% of average age of star rating.
What city does the business have a business hour from 10 am to 12 pm on Sunday?
Among the active businesses in Ahwatukee, which of them are still open in Sunday?
List the categories of all active businesses that were not in Arizona.
List the category of the business with high review count but received 2 stars.
How many businesses have a romantic ambiance?
List the city of the business where they open from 1 pm to 6 pm on Saturday.
How many businesses have shopping centers and received high review count?
Compare and get the difference of the number of businesses that are open in Monday and Tuesday from 10 am to 9 pm.
State the ID number for the attribute named "Accepts Insurance"?
Which actively running Yelp business in "Gilbert" has got the most reviews? Give the business id.
For the Yelp business in "Tempe" city which got "3.5" stars and review count as "Uber", how many "long" reviews did it get?
How is the "noise level" for the only Yelp business in “Mesa” which got a "Uber" review count?
Is the Yelp business No. 14033 good for supper?
How long is the Yelp business No. 15098 opened on Monday?
For the Yelp businesses which received a "5" star review with "uber" number of votes for funny, which one is located in "Phoenix"? Give the business ID.
Which city is the business that got a "medium" length tip with "3" likes located in?
For the user who joined Yelp in "2010", with an average of "4.5" stars review and has got uber number of fans, how many "funny" compliments has he/she received from other users?
How many "cool" type compliments does user No. 41717 get?
Does Yelp business No."11825" have a "parking lot"?
What is the percentage for the Yelp businesses in "Pets" category of all businesses?
Calculate the percentage of running business among all business.
Between 2006 and 2007, which year ID had the greater number in elite user?
Based on all user compliments, find the percentage of low number of compliments on all compliments ID.
List down the business ID and user ID who got uber for cool votes.
Write the user ID, business ID and tips length of who started using Yelp since 2004 and had high followers.
Among the review votes of funny and cool hit uber with long review length, describe the business ID, active status, user ID and user year of joining Yelp.
Calculate the percentage of business with attribute name of "Accepts Credit Cards".
Under the category name of "Coffee & Tea", mention any 5 business ID , their state and city.
For the business with great experience existed in Sun Lakes city, provide the user ID who gave review on it and user followers.
Compare the number of business between the category of "Men's Clothing" and "Women's Clothing".
Find the percentage of 5 stars rated business.
List all the tires businesses that are opened everyday.
Which users become an elite in 2012?
List the business ID of shopping business that have 4 stars ratings.
State the locations of all Pet Services business.
How many closed businesses that have more than 10 attributes?
List the business located in Mesa that have alcohol attribute.
What is the ratio between business in shopping category and business in pets category?
How many businesses are registered in the database under 'Banks & Credit Unions' category?
How many businesses that are registered in the database can be attributed to 'Good for Kids'?
Find the 5-star business in Ahwatukee, AZ and identify it's business category.
Among all closed businesses in Avondale, AZ what percent have obtained a 'wonderful experience' rating of the business.
Identify the user who has been yelping since 2004. Is he or she an Yelp Elite member?
Identify the percent of long reviews among all 5-star reviews given to businesses by the Yelp users.
List out city name of businesses which have medium length of review.
Among the businesses which have short length of review, which one located in Phoenix?
Among the users who received low compliments from other users, which users joined Yelp in 2012?
Among the businesses with average rating, how many business has attribute of full_bar.
List out the state of businesses which have opening time at 1AM.
List out the category name of business id 5.
List out the user id that has compliment type of photos.
State the state of businesses which have closing time at 12AM.
Among the users who received high compliments from other users, which users joined Yelp earliest?
Which business ID has the most reviews?
Which year has the most elite users?
Find out which business ID are opened all the time.
Does the length of the tip influence the number of likes for hotel and travel business category?
How many businesses in Arizona having an average review less than 3 stars?
What is the percentage of user not becoming an elite user?
What is the average year needed by a user with uber fans to become an elite user?
How many active businesses are opened during late afternoon in the Phoenix city? List out the top 3 categories name for these businesses.
Provide business ids with opening hours 10AM on Saturday.
What are the categories of businesses that have opening time on Sunday?
Please indicate the opening day of businesses whose category is pets.
Please indicate the closing hours and business days of the businesses with the category named Doctors.
Among the working days from Monday to Saturday, which businesses with the category names work the most days?
In businesses with a category of "DJs", how many businesses are rated less than 5?
List active business ids with opening times of 7AM and closing times of 8PM.
How many businesses with the category named Stadiums & Arenas are rated highest?
Write down the any five of ID and name of category that starts with alphabet "P".
List down the business ID and attribute value of the attribute name of "payment_types_visa".
Describe ID and active status of the business under category of "Diagnostic Imaging".
Mention the user ID and their year of joining Yelp who had great experience on business ID 143.
Among the user ID with number in compliment of uber on profile, list any 5 user ID and the year when they join Yelp.
Among the elite users of 10 consecutive year from 2005 to 2014, list down the user ID and their number of compliment on photos.
Write down the ID and opening day of a week for the business which are running in Black Canyon City.
Calculate the difference between running business in Glendale City and Mesa City.
For businesses with long length reviews, which state are they located?
List down the category of businesses whose stars ratings are 5.
How many user's compliment in photo has medium in number?
Sum up the number of business with "ambience_romantic" attribute.
What is the most common type of compliments that a user has received from other users?
How many stars does each of the 3 top users with the most likes in their reviews have?
In which categories does the only business located in the city of Arcadia appear?
List by their id all businesses that are open on Sunday.
How many businesses with music_karaoke attribute are closed?
How many open businesses in the City of Phoenix have users left a long review?
How many users who have received a low cool vote have also received at least 1 low cool vote for some of their reviews?
How many users with a long tip and 2 likes for their tip have a high number of fans?
In how many businesses with the ambience_trendy attribute?
What is the average number of stars for businesses in the Obstetricians & Gynecologists category?
Calculate the percentage of users with a high number of fans who were elite in 2011.
Among the businesses in Tempe, list the attribute of the business with a medium review count.
In businesses with a category of food, how many of them have a star rating below 3?
List the active business ID and its stars of the businesses fall under the category of Food.
What is the category and attributes of businesses with highest star rating?
What is the category of the business with short review length and highest review stars within business ID from 7 to 14?
Count the active businesses that has an attribute of BYOB with high review count.
List the categories of active businesses in Glendale, AZ.
Find the location of businesses that has business hours from 7 am to 7 pm every Wednesday.
What is the attribute value of an active business with a low review count and 3 stars which is located at Goodyear, AZ?
What is the opening time of the active businesses in Glendale that have a medium review count.
Among the businesses with a category of Food, what is the percentage of the business with greater than 3 stars?
List the closing time and day of week of active businesses in Goodyear with stars greater than the 80% of average age of star rating.
How many users have "uber" number of fans?
What kind of "wi-fi" does Yelp business No."10172" have?
In which year did the user who has given the most number of "short" tips join the Yelp?
User No. 70271 only has given one tip to the Yelp business, which category was that business belonged to?
What is the number of reviews from user No. "21679"?
List the names of business in AZ with a rating of 5.
How many active businesses of city are underrated?
Please provide the attribute values ​​of the bussinesses with fashion in Scottsdale.
How many active businesses are there in Phoenix?
How many businesses in the fashion industry are rated 5 stars?
How many businesses are actively running in Gilbert City?
What are the categories that business number 15 belongs to?
How many businesses of Yelp are in Scottsdale?
Among the Yelp_Businesses in Arizona, how many of them are still running?
Which city has more Yelp_Business that's more appealing to users, Scottsdale or Anthem?
How many Yelp_Businesses in Arizona have a Elitestar rating of over 4?
How many Yelp_Businesses are there in Arizona in total?
How many reviews have the user whose ID is 3 posted?
Among the long reviews made by user ID 3, how many of them have received a medium number of useful votes?
Please list the IDs of the users who have a high number of followers.
Please list all the categories of the Yelp_Business in Arizona.
What is the average Elitestar rating for a Yelp_Business that closes at 12PM on Sundays?
How many of the busineses are in Casa Grande?
How many active businesses are located at Phoenix, Arizona?
How many businesses in Phoenix, Arizona is attributed to waiter service?
What is the ratio of having the best to worse elite user in 2013?
How many business have been reviewed by user ID 3 and how long have this user been with Yelp?
What is the yearly average review done by user ID 3?
How many of the businesses are active?
List down the business ID with a low review count in Phoenix.
List at least 10 users ID that has 4 as an average ratings of all reviews sent.
Is the payment in mastercard possible for the Yelp business No."12476"?
How many times is the number of "Women's Clothing" Yelp businesses to "Men's Clothing"?
Among all attribute names, list down the ID and attribute name which start with "music".
Mention the user average star, elite year and the compliment type of user ID 6027 whereby number of compliments reach uber.
Describe category name which had above 10% in comparing with all business and categories.
Among highest quality user of under ID 100, mention compliment type which got highest compliment number and user's followers.
List all the businesses that closed at 8PM.
Calculate difference between business that have the highest number of reviews and business that have the lowest number of reviews.
How many business have low check-in on Sunday at 10AM?
Among the businesses without attribute, how many businesses located in Gilbert?
How many users have uber review votes for funny from the fans?
What are the most common compliments types received by user with uber number of fans?
Which user has done the most review on a business attributed to delivery?
Indicate the business id and days which are opened from 8AM to 6PM.
How many businesses id are rated more than 4?
Please indicate the business id have the closing time with the category of Arts & Entertainment on Sunday.
How many category id have low review count and rating more than 2?
Write down the number of running business with each review count in Cave Creek city.
What is the active and inactive ratio of the business with the review count of low.
List by ID the businesses with the reviews with the lowest veracity of Paradise Valley.
How many reviews of businesses that are still open received an uber rating on the funny vote?
What is the quantity of the closed or not running Yelp Businesses in 'AZ'?
How many Yelp businesses are opened 24 hours?
Give the number of users who joined Yelp since "2004".
How many users who have joined Yelp since "2005" but have no fans?
How many "5" star reviews does the Yelp business No. "10682" get?
Who has got the most number of "funny" type of compliments? Give the user ID.
How many businesses are there in Phoenix city? Find the percentage of businesses in Phoenix city in the total city.
What percentage of businesses are in the Real Estate sector and have the rating of 5 out of all businesses in Chandler?
What is the number of useful votes that the user 52592 received when reviewed for business number 2?
How long was the review for business number 2 that user number 612 wrote?
How many users have joined Yelp since the year 2012?
Please list the business IDs of all the Yelp_Businesses that are good for kids.
What is the category of businesses with highest star rating?
What is the closing and opening time of businesses located at Tempe with highest star rating?
How many businesses ID sell beer and wine?
Find out which business is opened for 24/7 and list out what is the business attribute.
In businesses with a category of automotive, how many of them has an star rating below 3?
Among the stopped businesses in San Tan Valley city, list down the user ID and review length of who had great experience.
How many businesses in Tempe are rated as 'Wonderful experience?
What time does the business with ID no.12 open on Monday?
Mention the number of businesses that have no any attribute.
Calculate the percentage of medium tip length in the list. List out the time when users of medium tip length join Yelp.
How many business ids have opening hours from 8AM to 6PM?
List any five of user ID who became elite user in 2006.
Provide the list of user ID along with review star of which has the review length of medium with business ID of 35.
List the user ID, business ID with review length of the business which received the most likes in tips.
How many businesses in the city of Scottsdale open on Sunday at 12PM?
How many of the businesses are in Surprise?
What is the review length of user 11021 to business with business ID 3?
How many reviews made by user whose ID is 3 are long?
Among the Yelp_Businesses in Arizona, how many of them do not provide alcohol?
Which Yelp_Business in Arizona gets the most number of reviews?
How many stars on average does a Yelp_Business in Anthem get from a user review?
What is the total number of active businesses in AZ with a low review count?
Write down the ID, active status and city of the business which are in CA state.
How many businesses in Glendale are reviewed by user with the ID of 20241?
What is the average year for a user to be upgraded to elite user?
In how many businesses have customers had a bad or terrible experience?
