nl_question
How many tracks do we have?
Count the number of tracks.
Show the name and location for all tracks.
What are the names and locations of all tracks?
Show names and seatings, ordered by seating for all tracks opened after 2000.
What are the names and seatings for all tracks opened after 2000, ordered by seating?
What is the name, location and seating for the most recently opened track?
Return the name, location, and seating of the track that was opened in the most recent year.
What is the minimum, maximum, and average seating for all tracks.
Return the minimum, maximum, and average seating across all tracks.
Show the name, location, open year for all tracks with a seating higher than the average.
What are the names, locations, and years of opening for tracks with seating higher than average?
What are distinct locations where tracks are located?
Give the different locations of tracks.
How many races are there?
Count the number of races.
What are the distinct classes that races can have?
Return the different classes of races.
Show name, class, and date for all races.
What are the names, classes, and dates for all races?
Show the race class and number of races in each class.
What are the different classes of races, and how many races correspond to each?
What is the race class with most number of races.
Give the class of races that is most common.
List the race class with at least two races.
What are the classes of races that have two or more corresponding races?
What are the names for tracks without a race in class 'GT'.
Give the names of tracks that do not have a race in the class 'GT'.
Show all track names that have had no races.
Return the names of tracks that have no had any races.
Show year where a track with a seating at least 5000 opened and a track with seating no more than 4000 opened.
What are the years of opening for tracks with seating between 4000 and 5000?
Show the name of track and the number of races in each track.
What are the names of different tracks, and how many races has each had?
Show the name of track with most number of races.
What is the name of the track that has had the greatest number of races?
Show the name and date for each race and its track name.
What are the names and dates of races, and the names of the tracks where they are held?
Show the name and location of track with 1 race.
What are the names and locations of tracks that have had exactly 1 race?
Find the locations where have both tracks with more than 90000 seats and tracks with less than 70000 seats.
What are the locations that have both tracks with more than 90000 seats, and tracks with fewer than 70000 seats?
