nl_question
Which countries and cities are included in addresses?
What are the countries and cities for each address?
In which states are each of the the properties located?
Give the states or provinces corresponding to each property.
How is the feature rooftop described?
Return the description of the feature 'rooftop'.
What are the feature name and description of the most commonly seen feature across properties?
Give the feature name and description for the most common feature across all properties.
What is the minimum number of rooms in a property?
What is the lowest room count across all the properties?
How many properties have 1 parking lot or 1 garage?
Count the number of properties that have 1 parking lot or 1 garage.
For users whose description contain the string 'Mother', which age categories are they in?
What are the age categories for users whose description contains the string Mother?
What is the first name of the user who owns the greatest number of properties?
Return the first name of the user who owns the most properties.
List the average room count of the properties with gardens.
On average, how many rooms do properties with garden features have?
In which cities are there any properties equipped with a swimming pool?
Return the cities in which there exist properties that have swimming pools.
Which property had the lowest price requested by the vendor? List the id and the price.
What is the id of the property that had the lowest requested price from the vendor, and what was that price?
On average, how many rooms does a property have?
What is the average number of rooms in a property?
How many kinds of room sizes are listed?
Return the number of different room sizes.
What are the ids of users who have searched at least twice, and what did they search?
Return the ids of users who have performed two or more searches, as well as their search sequence.
When was the time of the latest search by a user?
What was the time of the most recent search?
What are all the user searches time and content? Sort the result descending by content.
Return the search strings and corresonding time stamps for all user searches, sorted by search string descending.
What are the zip codes of properties which do not belong to users who own at most 2 properties?
Return the zip codes for properties not belonging to users who own two or fewer properties.
What are the users making only one search? List both category and user id.
What are the ids of users who have only made one search, and what are their category codes?
What is the age range category of the user who made the first search?
Return the age category for the user who made the earliest search.
Find the login names of all senior citizen users ordered by their first names.
What are the login names of all senior citizens, sorted by first name?
How many searches do buyers make in total?
Count the number of searches made by buyers.
When did the user with login name ratione register?
What was the registration date for the user whose login name is ratione?
List the first name, middle name and last name, and log in name of all the seller users, whose seller value is 1.
What are the first, middle, last, and login names for all users who are sellers?
Where do the Senior Citizens live? List building, street, and the city.
What are the buildings, streets, and cities corresponding to the addresses of senior citizens?
How many properties are there with at least 2 features?
Count the number of properties with at least two features.
How many photos does each property have?
Count the number of property photos each property has by id.
How many photos does each owner has of his or her properties? List user id and number of photos.
What are the user ids of property owners who have property photos, and how many do each of them have?
What is the total max price of the properties owned by single mothers or students?
Give the total max price corresponding to any properties owned by single mothers or students.
What are the date stamps and property names for each item of property history, ordered by date stamp?
Return the date stamp and property name for each property history event, sorted by date stamp.
What is the description of the most common property type? List the description and code.
What is the most common property type, and what is its description.
What is the detailed description of the age category code 'Over 60'?
Give the category description of the age category 'Over 60'.
What are the different room sizes, and how many of each are there?
Return the number of rooms with each different room size.
In which country does the user with first name Robbie live?
Return the country in which the user with first name Robbie lives.
What are the first, middle and last names of users who own the property they live in?
Return the full names of users who live in properties that they own.
List the search content of the users who do not own a single property.
What search strings were entered by users who do not own any properties?
List the last names and ids of users who have at least 2 properties and searched at most twice.
What are the last names and ids of users who have searched two or fewer times, and own two or more properties?
