nl_question
How many buildings are there?
Count the number of buildings.
List the names of buildings in ascending order of number of stories.
What is the list of building names, sorted by the number of stories of each building in ascending order?
List the addresses of buildings in descending order of building completion year.
Sort the buildings in descending order of building completion year, and return the building addresses.
What is the maximum number of stories of buildings not completed in 1980?
Among the buildings not completed in 1980, what is the maximum number of stories?
What is the average population for all regions?
Compute the average population of a region.
What are the names of regions in ascending alphabetical order?
List the names of regions in alphabetical order.
What are the capitals of the regions with area bigger than 10000?
Give me the capitals of the regions whose area is larger than 10000.
List the capital of the region with the largest population.
Which region has the largest population? Give me the capital of the region.
List the names of the regions with the top 5 largest areas.
What are the names of the 5 largest regions in terms of area?
Show the names of buildings and the names of regions they are in.
For each building, return the name of the building and the name of the region it belongs to.
Show the names of regions that have more than one building.
Which regions have more than one building? Give me the names of the regions.
Show the capital of the region that has the most buildings.
Which region has the largest number of buildings? Show me the capital of the region.
Show addresses of buildings and the capitals of regions they are in.
For each building, return the address of the building and the name of the region it belongs to.
Show the number of stories of buildings in the region with name "Abruzzo".
Return the number of stories for each building in the region named "Abruzzo".
Please show each completion year and the number of buildings completed in that year.
For completion year, return the year and the number of buildings completed.
List the year in which the most buildings are completed.
In which year did the most building constructions complete?
List the names of regions that do not have any buildings.
What are the names of regions in which there are no buildings?
Show the completed years shared by buildings with more than 20 stories and buildings with less than 15 stories.
In which years did both buildings with more than 20 stories and buildings with less than 15 stories were completed?
Show the distinct addresses of buildings.
Give me a list of distinct building addresses.
Show the completed years of buildings in descending order of the number of stories.
Sort buildings in descending order of the number of stories, and return their completion years.
