nl_question
Which region has the most number of sales team?
List all the customers with name containing the word 'Group'.
Name the sales team and the region of order number 'SO - 000137'.
List all the order numbers for In-Store sales and find the city where the store is located.
List the name of all customers who had made orders online.
Calculate the average net profit for bakeware product.
List down the customer IDs and names that start with alphabet "W".
Among the sales with 40% discount via in-store channel, how many products were shipped from warehouse code of WARE-NMK1003?
Mention the most populated city and median income of the store in Florida state.
List the store located cities with regions in no water area of California state.
Compare the number of orders between "Platters" and "Serveware" products.
Among the sales team in South region, write down the numbers of orders made by the sales team ID of one digit.
List out the name of products which have been applied 10% discount.
List out the city name of states located in South region.
What is the region of stores which have type of "Town" in the list?
How many orders that Medsep Group had made?
State the customer name of orders which has shipped date in 7/8/2018.
Among the orders placed by Ei, how many orders have quantity greater than 4?
Among the orders placed by Pacific Ltd, how many orders have been applied 5% discount ?
What is the customer names of orders which have unit cost greater than 4000USD?
Please list the customer names whose order quantity was more than 5 on 6/1/2018.
What is the percentage of total orders of Stephen Payne that had a net profit of over 1000?
How many sales team were from Northeast?
List all the name of products with the ID of 30 to 40.
Calculate ratio between the highest unit cost and the lowest unit cost?
List the order for all in-store sales along with the products sold.
State all the order numbers for sales team of Samuel Fowler.
What is the difference in order number from "WARE-MKL1006" and "WARE-NBV1002"?
Write down the store IDs and region of the state "Michigan".
Compare the total number of orders between customer "Apollo Ltd" and "Pacific Ltd".
List down the customer names and product names of the order made by "Anthony Torres" via distributor channel.
Count the number of orders made from the store in city with population of 3000000 to 4000000.
Indicate the procured dates for the customer whose ID is 11.
How many states are in the Midwest region?
What are the names of the sales teams that have served to customer Apotheca, Ltd?
In which regions are the stores that have shipped products through the WARE-UHY1004 warehouse?
List all the cities where Shawn Torres sells Audio products.
What sales channels are used the most in the 3 places with the highest median income?
To which region does the sales team that has used the WARE-MKL1006 warehouse the most times for its shipments belong?
How many online purchases did Ole Group make in May 2019?
At what Latitude and Longitude is the store that has used the WARE-PUJ1005 warehouse the fewest times?
Provide order number, warehouse code of customers Elorac, Corp.
Among sales teams in Midwest region, which sales team has an order quantity greater than 5?
Which region is Joshua Bennet located in?
What is the name of the customer who purchased the product with the highest net profiit?
Name the product that was registered in the sales order 'SO - 0005951'.
List all the order numbers along with its product name for each order under the sales team of 'Douglas Tucker'.
List down the product IDs and names that include the word "Outdoor".
Describe the customer names and lasting delivery periods for the product of "Bedroom Furniture" by wholesale channel in 2019.
Describe the customer names and product names which had over 3800 USD in net profit.
List out the name of orders which have delivery date of 6/13/2018.
How many orders placed were with more than 5 product quantities?
State the full name of state code "GA".
How many states located in the Midwest region?
Calculate the average net profit of phones which have sales channel of distributor.
Calculate the average net profit of bar tools which has ordered quantity exceed 5.
List out the discount levels applied for all orders from Ole Group.
Please list the id and detailed position of all stores in Birmingham city.
Which city has the largest population?
How many CDP stores are there in California?
Please list all sale team names which had orders on 5/31/2018.
Which sales team name has the least orders in 2019?
What is the unit cost of order SO - 000103?
What is the detailed position of the store which has order SO - 000115?
Which product was ordered the most in 2018?
How many products sold by Adam Hernandez?
List all orders where its products were shipped from Daly City.
Find the number of baseball ordered in December 2017.
Find the average number of ornaments sold each month in 2018.
Name the products via wholesale channel of the store under Pacific/Honolulu time zone.
How many orders through distributor were for the minimum quantity?
List by ID all sales teams that have sold products at a 10% discount in store.
How many Borough-type stores located in the city of Brooklyn have a population of less than 3 million?
Indicate order numbers with an order date after 1/1/2018.
Name of customers who have ordered Cocktail Glasses by online sales channel.
What is the store id of the store located in the most populous county?
How many online orders were shipped during the month of June 2018?
In 2019, how many orders were shipped by the sales team with the highest number of orders in the said year? Provide the name of the sales team.
Among the products with an order quantity of no less than 5 that was shipped in the month of May 2019, what is the name of the product with the lowest net profit?
Which sales channel was most preferred in commercializing products in January 2020 based on the number of orders placed?
Identify the top customer of the store located in Gilbert, Arizona based on net profit associated with the customer relationship in 2019.
What is the average median income for all City type of stores?
List the ID, city, state and region for the store type which is fewer between borough and CDP.
Calculate the order percentage by "Carlos Miller" sales team.
How many orders have order date in 5/31/2018?
List out the product name of order which has unit cost of 781.22.
What is the percentage of total orders from stores in Orange County in 2018?
Which sales team id has the highest number of orders in 2018?
Please list the names of customers who have total orders of over 3 in 2018.
Describe the product names delivered in 2021 for the customer "Sundial".
List the order numbers and product names which were ordered on 6th June, 2018.
Find the average yearly order by customer Weimei Corp for 2018, 2019 and 2020.
How many stores procured products on October 27, 2018, in the city of Oregon?
In which city is the store with the highest sales order unit price located?
What percentage of sell orders on 04/04/2020 were for the state of New York?
Please indicate store id in the state of California that have been applied 20% discount in store.
Please indicate total order quantity of product Candles and calculate the percentage of such product among all the orders.
What is the type of store located in the city with the highest amount of water area?
How many orders were shipped by the sales team with the highest amount of shipped orders in 2020? Give the name of the said sales team.
State the delivery date of cookware.
In 2020, what were the total orders of all stores in Maricopa County?
State the name of all city in Maricopa County along with its latitude and longitude.
Mention the customer names and IDs which ordered total net profit of above 5000 USD through online channel.
Find the net profit of the floral products which were delivered in 2021.
What is the least purchased product by stores in the city of Santa Clarita?
What is the average household income in cities in the state of New Hampshire where there are stores of the type city?
How many sales teams are there in the Midwest?
What is the average household income of Glendale?
