nl_question
How many customers are there?
Count the number of customers.
List the names of customers in ascending order of level of membership.
Sort all the customers by the level of membership in ascending order, and return the customer names.
What are the nationalities and card credits of customers?
Find the nationality and card credit of each customer.
Show the names of customers with nationality "England" or "Australia".
Which customers have nationality "England" or "Australia"? Give me their names.
What is the average card credit of customers with membership level higher than 1?
Find the average card credit customers whose membership level is above 1.
What is the card credit of the customer with the highest membership level?
Find the customer with the highest membership level and return his or her card credit.
Show different nationalities of customers, along with the number of customers of each nationality.
How many customers are associated with each nationality? List the nationality and the number of customers.
Show the most common nationality of customers.
Which nationality does the most customers have?
Show the nations that have both customers with card credit smaller than 50 and customers with card credit bigger than 75.
Which nations have both customers with card credit above 50 and customers with card credit below 75.
Show the names of customers and names of dishes they order.
For each order, return the customer name and the dish name.
Show the names of customers and names of dishes they order, in descending order of the quantity of dish.
For each order, find the customer name and the dish name. Sort the result in descending order of the quantity of dish.
Show each customer name and the total quantities of dishes ordered by that customer.
What is the total quantities of dishes ordered by each customer ? List the customer name and the total quantity .
Show the customers with total quantity of order bigger than 1.
Which customers have total order quantity greater than 1? Give me the customer names.
Show distinct managers of branches.
Who are the distinct managers of branches?
List the names of customers that do not have any order.
Which customers do not have any order? Give me the customer names.
