nl_question
how many buttercup kitchen are there in san francisco ?
how many chinese restaurants are there in the bay area ?
how many places for chinese food are there in the bay area ?
how many chinese places are there in the bay area ?
how many places for chinese are there in the bay area ?
how many jamerican cuisine are there in santa cruz county ?
where is jamerican cuisine ?
what is the best french restaurant in san francisco ?
What is the best french in san francisco ?
What is the best place in san francisco for french food ?
Give me the best place in san francisco for french food ?
Where is the best french in san francisco ?
Give me the best french in san francisco ?
Where is the best french restaurant in san francisco ?
Give me the best restaurant in san francisco for french food ?
Give me the best french restaurant in san francisco ?
What is the best restaurant in san francisco for french food ?
Where is the best restaurant in san francisco for french food ?
where is denny in the bay area ?
what are some good restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
give me some good restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
give me a good restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
what is a good restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where can we find a restaurant in alameda ?
give me a restaurant in alameda ?
where can we find some restaurants in alameda ?
where is a restaurant in alameda ?
give me some restaurants in alameda ?
give me some restaurants good for french food ?
where are some restaurants good for french food ?
how many places for french food are there in palo alto ?
how many french restaurants are there in palo alto ?
how many french restaurant are there in palo alto ?
how many places for french are there in palo alto ?
how many italian restaurants are in the yolo county ?
where can i eat french food in mountain view ?
how many denny are there in the bay area ?
give me a good restaurant in alameda ?
what are some good restaurants in alameda ?
what is a good restaurant in alameda ?
give me some good restaurants in alameda ?
where is a good restaurant on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where are some good arabics on buchanan in san francisco ?
where is a good arabic restaurant on buchanan in san francisco ?
what are some good places for arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a good arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me some restaurants good for arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a good place on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where is a good place on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where can i eat arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me some good places on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where is a arabic restaurant on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a restaurant on buchanan in san francisco that serves good arabic food ?
give me a good restaurant on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where is a restaurant on buchanan in san francisco that serves good arabic food ?
give me some good restaurants on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
give me some good places for arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
where can i eat some good arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
where is a good arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
where are some restaurants good for arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
where are some good places for arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a good arabic restaurant on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me some good arabics on buchanan in san francisco ?
where can i eat french food in the bay area ?
give me some restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
give me a restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where can we find a restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where can we find some restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where is the best restaurant in the bay area for american food ?
where is the best restaurant in bay area for american food ?
what is the best restaurant in bay area for american food ?
what is the best american restaurant in the bay area ?
where is the best american restaurant in the bay area ?
what is the best american in the bay area ?
give me the best restaurant in the bay area for american food ?
give me the best restaurant in bay area for american food ?
what is the best restaurant in the bay area for american food ?
where is the best american in the bay area ?
give me the best american in the bay area ?
give me the best american restaurant in the bay area ?
give me some restaurants good for french food in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
what are some good places in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
give me a good restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
give me a good french restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
where is a good place in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
where are some restaurants good for french food in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
give me a good place in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
where is a good restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
what are some good restaurants in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
where is a good french restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
where can i eat some good french food in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
where are some restaurants good for arabic food in mountain view ?
what are some good places in mountain view for arabic food ?
where are some good arabic restaurants in mountain view ?
show me a good arabic restaurant in mountain view ?
give me a good arabic in mountain view ?
give me a good arabic restaurant in mountain view ?
give me a good place in mountain view for arabic food ?
where are some good arabics in mountain view ?
where is a restaurant in mountain view that serves good arabic food ?
what are some good restaurants in mountain view for arabic food ?
give me some restaurants good for arabic food in mountain view ?
where can i eat some good arabic food in mountain view ?
give me some good places for arabic in mountain view ?
where is a good arabic in mountain view ?
give me a restaurant in mountain view that serves good arabic food ?
give me some good arabic restaurants in mountain view ?
where are some good places for arabic in mountain view ?
give me some good arabics in mountain view ?
give me a good restaurant in mountain view for arabic food ?
where is a good arabic restaurant in mountain view ?
what are some good places for arabic in mountain view ?
where is a good restaurant in mountain view for arabic food ?
where is a good place in mountain view for arabic food ?
where can i find a jamerican cuisine in san francisco ?
where is jamerican cuisine in san francisco ?
where is a jamerican cuisine in san francisco ?
where can we find some restaurants in the bay area ?
give me some restaurants in the bay area ?
give me a restaurant in the bay area ?
where can i find a restaurant in the bay area ?
give me a good restaurant in the bay area ?
what are some good restaurants in the bay area ?
give me some good restaurants in the bay area ?
what is a good restaurant in the bay area ?
