nl_question
What types of food are served at the 4 top-reviewed restaurants?
List all the cities in Sonoma County.
What type of food is there in the restaurants on Adeline Street in Berkeley city?
In which counties are there A&W Root Beer Restaurants?
Identify all restaurants in Contra Costa County by id.
Identify all the restaurants in Yolo County by their label.
On what street in Tuolumne County is Good Heavens restaurant located?
Identify all the restaurants in Marin County by their id.
Calculate the average rating of reviews for restaurants in Santa Cruz County.
What percentage of restaurants in Monterey County have Mexican food?
What percentage of streets named 11th Street are in Alameda County?
How many American food restaurants are unpopular in Carmel?
Please name any three restaurants that have an unidentified region.
What is the name of the restaurant that is located in El Dorado County, Lake Tahoe region?
What is the percentage of restaurants in the Bay Area region that scored over 4 for the review rating?
Which county is El Cerrito from?
Provide a list of restaurants from Marin county.
What is the address of the Peking Duck restaurant?
List all the streets with more than 10 restaurants in Alameda county.
List all of the restaurant addresses from an unknown region.
How many labels of the restaurant have an unknown country?
Find the percentage of restaurant in Napa Valley.
Give the review of the restaurant located in Ocean St., Santa Cruz.
Give the street number of a bar in Oakland with a 2.7 review.
List the review and label of the restaurants in Mission Blvd., Hayward.
Among all indian restaurants in Castro St., Mountainview, how many of them is about cookhouse in their label?
In restaurants with a review of 2, how many restaurants have a street number below 500?
What is the name of the most popular restaurant serving Asian foods in San Francisco?
In the Bay Area, what is the most common type of food served by restaurants?
In which region can you find the highest number of Baskin Robbins restaurants?
In which counties can you find the restaurant with the highest number of branches?
Which region has the highest number of restaurants?
How many restaurants have not obtained a minimum of 3 in their reviews?
What counties are not in the Bay Area Region?
List all cities in the Northern California Region.
Indicate street and number of the Adelitas Taqueria Restaurants.
List all counties where there is no Bakers Square Restaurant & Pie Shop.
What is the rating of each restaurant reviews on Atlantic Ave?
What restaurant on Drive Street in San Rafael doesn't serve American food?
On which streets in the city of San Francisco are there restaurants with a review of 1.7?
Indicate the street numbers where Aux Delices Vietnamese Restaurant are located.
Please list all of the restaurants that serve European food.
What does the one and only 24-hour diner's name?
Please list any five cities that have an unidentified county and region.
List every city in San Mateo County.
How many restaurants have more than 4 star reviews?
How many restaurants are on Irving Street?
What are the regions with Greek restaurants?
What percentage of restaurants are from the Bay Area?
How many cities are located in the Bay Area?
How many of the cities are in a Bay Area?
List down the cities with unknown country.
What is the city located in Bay Area of Santa Clara?
Among the restaurants on street number below 1000, how many of them are in Railroad St.?
What is the full address of the restaurant named "Sanuki Restaurant"?
How many cities are there in Monterey?
How many restaurants can you find in Concord?
In which region can you find the top 4 most popular restaurants?
How many Chinese restaurants are there on 1st st, Livermore?
What is the full address of the most popular restaurant among the diners?
What cities are located in Northern California?
Which chicken restaurant has the highest review?
List down the restaurant ID of restaurants located in Sunnyvale.
How many Indian restaurants are there in the Los Angeles area?
How many restaurants can we find at number 871 on its street?
In which streets of the city of San Francisco are there restaurants that serve seafood?
What is the county and region of Plearn-Thai Cuisine restaurant?
What is the county of the Sankee restaurant?
How many types of restaurants are there in the Yosemite and Mono Lake area?
