nl_question
On which day was the most verbose complaint received?
Which complaint is more urgent, complaint ID CR2400594 or ID CR2405641?
What is the detailed product of the complaint filed by Diesel Galloway on 2014/7/3?
For how long was the complaint filed by Matthew Pierce on 2016/10/28 delayed?
What is the full name of the client whose complaint on 2017/3/27 was received by MICHAL?
For how long did the complaint filed on 2017/3/27 by Rachel Hicks last?
Please list the full names of all the clients whose complaints are still in progress.
How many complaints on credit cards in the year 2016 were filed by male clients?
Which division is Diesel Galloway in?
What is the percentage of the increase of complaints filed by the clients from New York from the year 2016 to the year 2017?
What was the serve time for the complaint call from client "C00007127" on 2017/2/22?
Which detailed product did Mr Lennox Oliver Drake complain about?
Did Ms. Lyric Emely Taylor provide the consent for result of the complaint call on 2016/5/20?
How many days delay for the complaint call from Mr. Brantley Julian Stanley on 2012/5/18?
What was the review context from Jacksonville on 2017/7/22?
Which product received a review from Indianapolis on 2016/10/7?
How many stars did "Eagle Capital" received from Little Rock on 2013/4/4?
For the client who made the complaint call "CR0217298", what was his/her birthday？
For all the complaint callers on 2017/3/27, what percentage of the clients are females?
Which product got the most five stars, and how many?
Calculate the average age of clients from the Midwest region.
In the calls from the mountain division, how many are from teenage clients?
Among the clients born between 1980 and 2000, list the name of male clients who complained through referral.
What is the medium through which most complaints are registered in Florida?
Calculate the average number of complaints received from New Bedford each year which are closed with explanation.
Among the calls from California, what percentage are priority 1?
Calculate the difference in the average age of elderly and middle-aged clients in the Northeast region.
List by their ID the complaints received by the company on 25/09/2014 that took the longest.
In which region have the most 1-star reviews been done?
How many male clients are from the state of Massachusetts?
List by name all customers who provided consent for the tag Older American.
How many complaints made by women and served after 3 pm received a timely response from the company?
How many complaints were served in 5 minutes or less by DORIT and responded to the customer with an explanation, were made by phone?
How many reviews by people between 30 and 50 years include the word 'great'?
What is the full address of the customers who, having received a timely response from the company, have dispute about that response?
What is the average age of Norwalk clients?
How many clients who live in Kansas City provided a 1-star review?
Which state has the highest number of clients who gave a 5-star review?
Which region does Noah Thompson live in?
What are the products that people who were born after 2005 complain about?
How long was Kendall Allen's complaint about her credit card?
What was the issue that the client with the longest server time faced?
What is the percentage of male clients complaining about their credit cards?
Please list any two clients with their full names who have been tagged as "Older American" by the company without seeking their permission.
List the full names of all clients who live in the Pacific division.
List all the issues of the complaints made by Kaitlyn Eliza Elliott.
Which region has the second most clients?
Who is the owner of the final phone number for the complaints on server "MORIAH" on 9/11/2013?
Among the teenager clients who use Google account and Microsoft account, which group of client is more than the other?
What is the first name of clients who have the highest priority?
Among the elderlies, state the last name of whose complaint is handled in server YIFAT?
How many clients who live in New York City have the complaint outcome as "AGENT"?
Which product received the most complaints from elder clients?
Complaint about Credit Card mostly came from clients of which age group?
What is the full name of clients who have issue about balance transfer?
What is the email address of clients who submitted their complaints via postal mail?
Calculate the average age of clients whose response is "Closed with relief".
How many times per year does a credit card customer complain about overlimit fees?
Give me the full birthdate, email and phone number of the youngest client in Indianapolis .
List the full names and phone numbers of clients that were from the Pacific.
Please calculate the number of clients by each division.
What is the average age of clients in South Atlantic?
Which city in the Midwest region has the least number of clients?
Which city in West North Central has the highest number of customers over the age of 60?
Which state has the most cities?
In 2015, how many complaints about Billing disputes were sent by clients in Portland?
Among the complaints received in year 2015, what is total number of complaints timely response and closed with an explanation?
Among the female clients that age between 20 to 40, list the date when their complaints were received.
List the product reviewed with 1 star on March 14, 2016 from Newton, Massachusetts.
In reviews for the Eagle National Bank product, how many of the 5 star reviews where from Nashville, Tennessee?
What are the issues of the complains of male clients and products from age 25 and below?
Among the reviews from midwest region, what are the products that received 1 star?
In complaints about the credit card product, list the phone number of the oldest client.
In complaints received in 2014, how many of them were submitted via call?
List the product and its issues of the complains of clients with age greater than the 60% of average age of all clients.
In reviews of product with 5 stars, what is the percentage of the reviews coming from the division of East North Central?
When did the earliest complaint start on 2017/3/22?
Was the tag in the complaint filed by Matthew Pierce on 2016/10/28 approved by himself?
Please list the full names of all the male clients in the Pacific division.
Which district did the review on 2018/9/11 come from? Give the name of the city.
List all the states in the South region.
What is the number of complaints related to Credit cards came from female clients?
List by their ID number the 3 longest complaints.
How many clients have an email account other than gmail.com?
How many Credit Card complaints did Sharon handle?
How many cases of billing dispute issues occurred in the Mountain division?
Lists the last name of all clients who made a PS-type complaint and were served by TOVA.
How many clients with the last name Alvarado are from Maryland?
How many complaints from female clients born in the year 2000 were not sent through the web?
What percentage of clients who sent their complaints by postal mail are age 50 and older?
How did Kyran Muller submit his complaint?
How many times does the consumer have no dispute over a non-timely response from the company?
How many of the complaints are longer than 15 minutes?
What is the address of the client who made a complaint via postal mail on March 14, 2012?
List all the server of the phone complaints with a late response from the company.
Compute the average time in minute for each age group
What percentage of complaints are from the elderly?
What is the full name of client whose email address is emily.garcia43@outlook.com?
Calculate the percentage of complaints made by Google account client in server ZOHARI.
Pick 5 clients with 0 priority and write down their last name.
Write down the call id of clients whose first name start with alphabet "B".
State the first name of male clients who did not receive timely response from the call center.
List down the issues for complaint with server time of below 10 minutes.
Write the complaint ID, call ID, and final phone number of complaints through AVIDAN server from 1/1/2014 to 12/30/2014.
What is the longest server time when the call is about the issue of arbitration?
Please list all clients' phone numbers and complaint IDs which are still in progress.
List the products involved in the complaints received on March 2017 via TOVA server.
Among all the clients from the New York city, how many of them have filed a complaint on the issue of Deposits and withdrawals?
Please list the full name, date of birth, and email id of the elderly clients in descending order of age.
List the full name and phone number of clients who submitted the complaint via fax.
How many complaints are not in process with an agent?
How many clients under the age of 35 gave Eagle National Mortgage 1 star?
Please list all first and last names of clients who live in New York city.
Please give the first name and phone number of the client whose complaint id is CR0922485.
Please list the emails of the clients whose complaint date received is 7/3/2014.
What is the average number of complaints on credit cards filed by clients from New York in the 3 consecutive years starting from 2015?
In what years were the clients who demanded more problems with Certificate of deposit born?
What is the birth date of the youngest client?
What is the oldest age of male clients?
In 2012, how many complaints about Credit card product came from clients in Omaha?
