nl_question
Which order has a higher priority, order no. 4 or order no. 36?
How many customers are in Brazil?
Please list the phone numbers of all the customers in the household segment and are in Brazil.
Among all the customers in Germany, how many of them have an account balance of over 1000?
Which country does supplier No.34 come from?
Which region does "Supplier#000000129" belong to?
Give customer No.106936's region name.
Calculate the percentage of customers' accounts in debt.
List down the nation keys and names in Africa.
List the suppliers' names which supplied smoke red pale saddle plum.
Among the suppliers from Middle East region, how many suppliers were in debt?
Name the countries that belong in the region with comment description "furiously express accounts wake sly".
Of the orders with a lower delivery priority, how many have an urgent priority order?
How many European suppliers are there?
Lists all parts supplied by Supplier#000000034.
What percentage of customers engaged in the household segment are from Iran?
Please list any three line item numbers that have 10% off.
Please list any three customers with debt.
Please list any two parts that come with the wrap bag container and have a supply cost of under 10.
What is the nationality of supplier number 1?
Which region has the lowest number of countries?
Which nation and region does the Customer#000000008 come from?
Which customer is the most in debt?
What is the supply cost for the part "violet olive rose ivory sandy"?
What is the region with the most customers?
List all the addresses for the suppliers of the biggest parts.
How many customers belong to the household segment in Germany?
List the phone numbers of suppliers from Japan.
Among the providers in Argentina, which supplier has an account that is in debt?
How many countries belong to the Algeria region?
Calculate the percentage of countries that belong to the American region.
Calculate percentage of household segment in Indonesia.
Please list the names of all the products under the type "promo brushed steel".
Among the products under the type "promo brushed steel", how many of them are manufactured by Manufacturer#5?
What is the name of the product with the highest retail price?
Please list the names of the top 3 suppliers with the most amount of money in their accounts.
Please list the names of all the suppliers for the part "hot spring dodger dim light".
What is the lowest supply cost for the part "hot spring dodger dim light"?
What is the total quantity available by all suppliers for the part "hot spring dodger dim light"?
Which supplier can provide the most number of "hot spring dodger dim light"? Please give the supplier's phone number.
How many suppliers for the part "hot spring dodger dim light" are in Vietnam?
Please list the names of all the suppliers for parts under Brand#55.
Among all the suppliers in debt, how many of them are in Europe?
Please list the phone numbers of all the suppliers for the parts ordered in order no.1.
On which date was the part "burnished seashell gainsboro navajo chocolate" in order no.1 shipped?
What is the quantity of the part "burnished seashell gainsboro navajo chocolate" ordered in order no.1?
Which country has the least number of suppliers?
How much is the part supply cost for the medium metallic grey dodger linen?
What are the total quantities of the items ordered by customer 101660 on 10/5/1995?
How much is the discounted price of every item that customer 111511 ordered in order 53159? List the names of the parts of every item.
How many kinds of items are returned in order no.5?
When was the latest date the items of order no.1 were shipped?
How many countries are there in the No.2 region?
Give the number of Moroccan customers whose account is in debt.
How many part supplies were nearly out of stock?
List any five parts name in Medium Plated Brass.
List down the countries that are located in Asia.
Among the customers in Asia, how many customers are in debt?
Find the supply key of the top ten suppliers with the most account balance, and list the supply key along with the account balance in descending order of account balance.
What percentage of customers from France is in the automobile segment?
How many suppliers from Egypt have a debit balance?
What are the cost prices of large burnished copper?
How many suppliers from Germany have left a comment with 'carefully regular packages'?
Please name any three parts that have an available quantity of more than 9998.
How many Japanese suppliers have their accounts in debt?
List all the dates of the urgent orders.
List all the nations in Europe.
Please list all the brands that contain a part under the type "promo brushed steel".
How many parts have a jumbo case container?
What is the size of the smallest part in a jumbo case container?
How many suppliers have their accounts in debt?
Among the suppliers for the parts ordered in order no.4, how many of them are in debt?
What is the discounted price of the part "burnished seashell gainsboro navajo chocolate" in order no.1?
How many customers are in the furniture segment?
Among all the customers, what is the percentage of the customer's nation being Germany?
What is the percentage of the European countries among the given countries?
Give the percentage of Japanese suppliers whose account is in debt.
Find and list the part key of the parts which has an above-average retail price.
Among the suppliers in the European region, what percentage have a below-average account balance?
List by their id all customers who have a debit balance in their accounts.
What is the total price and the order priority of order number 33?
What is the delivery time and the clerk of order number 6?
What is the largest supplier's account balance?
Which nation does the supplier with the account balance of "4393.04" belong to?
What proportion of suppliers are from Asia?
Please indicate the total price of order key 32.
List the names of customers whose accounts are in debt.
How many parts have a retail price of over 1900?
Which part has a bigger size, "pink powder drab lawn cyan" or "cornflower sky burlywood green beige"?
Which market segment does the customer with the highest amount of debt belongs to?
What is the comment of the order with the highest total price?
Among the orders made by customers in the household segment, how many of them are urgent?
What is the total price of all the orders made by customers in Germany?
Among the orders made by customers in Germany, which one of them has the highest priority in delivery? Please give its order key.
What is the average price of the orders made by a customer in Germany?
For the order with the total price of 218195.43, which supplier handled the returned item? Give the supplier id.
Customer No.129301 made an order on 1996/7/27, what was the delivery time for the first part of that order?
What is the name of the customer with the highest amount of debt?
How many customers are in debt?
How many customers are in the automobile market segment?
What are the top 2 order keys of the item with the highest amount of extended price?
When was the order with the highest amount of total price shipped?
In which country do most of the customers come from?
How many urgent orders were shipped the next day?
How many in debt customers in the household market segment are from Russia?
Among the customers from the United States, which market segment has the highest number of customers?
What are the countries in the region of Asia?
What are the names of the parts manufactured by manufacturer 3 that have a supply cost of 1,000?
How much is the profit for smoke turquoise purple blue salmon that was delivered in person on 5/7/1996?
How many items were shipped on 4th December, 1993?
What was the order date of items with the highest total price?
How many customers are there in India?
Calculate the total price of orders by Customer#000000013.
Among the parts shipped by rail on 1st December, 1995, list part names with 10% discount.
Among the parts supplied by Supplier#000000018, provide parts names which had supply costs above 900.
Among the customers in the furniture market segment, how many of them have a nation key of 1?
Give the phone number of the customer with the highest account balance.
What is the order priority of the order with the highest total price?
What is the total number of orders made by customers in United States?
Among the customers from Brazil, how many customers are in automobile market segment?
What is the total number of suppliers from Germany?
What is the name and marketing segment of the customer with the total order price of 199180.63?
Provide the nation and region of the customer with the address of wH55UnX7 VI?
List the country name of the customers in the building marketing segment with an account balance greater than 80% of the average account balance of all customers.
Give the name and phone number of the customers who have more than 9000 account balance.
List the order key of the orders with a total price between 200000 and 300000.
Calculate the percentage of part supply that costs more than 500.
In the parts supply by Supplier#000000654, list the top five parts with the most supply cost in descending order of supply cost.
List the name of the top ten items with the most quantity available in the descending order of availability.
In the parts shipped by rail, how many are of medium priority?
List by order number the 3 items with the lowest price after applying the discount.
How many orders of more than 10 items have been returned?
Indicate the name of the product that is close to being sold out and that has the lowest cost price.
How many different clerks have served the customer with the address uFTe2u518et8Q8UC?
Please state the segment, the name, the address, and the phone number of customer number 3.
How many of the line items that have a quantity greater than 40 have been shipped by air?
Which ship mode has more "deliver in person" instructions, rail or mail?
What is the difference between the number of returned items and not returned items with the full price of under 16947.7?
What is the name of the customer number 93697 with the total order price of 191918.92?
How many of the items are instructed to be delivered in person?
How many part supplies are close to being out of stock?
What is the total price of all orders from the customer with the phone number "627-220-3983"?
What are the shipping methods for the orders on 12/31/1994?
What is the account balance of the supplier with the most parts?
List the phone number of the customer who placed orders with a total price of more than $300,000.
What are the clerks of orders with line items shipped by mail?
List the phone numbers of customers whose order priority is urgent.
List the 5 orders with the highest total price, indicating the delivery date.
Please indicate the names of the customers whose order with a total price over $300000.
What is the name of the supplier that provides the part "hot spring dodger dim light" with the lowest supply cost?
What is the average supply cost for the part "hot spring dodger dim light"?
Among the items shipped in 1994 via truck, how many items were returned?
How much is the total price of all the orders shipped to customers in Argentina?
What are the top 2 countries with the highest number of indebted suppliers?
Who is the clerk in charge of handling the item with the highest amount of extended price?
