nl_question
Please list the names of all the products whose supplier is in Japan.
Give the full name of the youngest employee.
Provide the number of orders that were handled by Michael Suyama.
How many kinds of products are there in the the category of "dairy products"?
Which category does "tofu" belong to?
Give the contact name of the supplier for the product "Gudbrandsdalsost".
Tell the country name of the supplier for "Scottish Longbreads".
How many customers are there in the country with the highest number of customers?
What is the full name of the employee who handled the highest amount of orders?
What is the name of the contact person of the Pavlova supplier company?
What are the products that belong to the beverage category?
Who is the person to contact to get Camembert Pierrot?
What is the contact name for product Teatime Chocolate Biscuits?
In 1996, how many orders were from customers in the UK?
Which country are the majority of the suppliers located?
In August of 1996, how many orders were placed by the customer with the highest amount of orders?
What are the ID and description of the condiments category?
What were the products supplied by the company in Spain?
Provide the full name of the employee who processed the sales order with ID 10274.
List all product names under Confections.
Name the products where the suppliers come from Finland.
The product 'Mozzarella di Giovanni' belongs in which category? Include the category's description as well.
Mention the first name of employee who took care the order id 10250.
Give the full name of employee who handled the order id 10280.
How many suppliers are there in the United States of America?
List down the customer ids who placed order with Michael Suyama.
How many orders have Margaret Peacock placed?
How many orders were made by the customers in Ireland.
How many suppliers does Northwind have in USA?
What is the name of product with the ID of 77?
How many orders were handled by Michael Suyama. State the order ID.
How many customers are located in London?
How many customers are there in Berlin, Germany?
Please calculate the number of orders from customers by country in 1996.
Indicate category name of soft drinks, coffees, teas, beers, and ales in description list.
How many suppliers are from UK?
Calculate the total products that are supplied by Japan suppliers.
How many companies do ship Northwind's orders?
