nl_question
How many different last names do the actors and actresses have?
Count the number of different last names actors have.
What is the most popular first name of the actors?
Return the most common first name among all actors.
What is the most popular full name of the actors?
Return the most common full name among all actors.
Which districts have at least two addresses?
Give the districts which have two or more addresses.
What is the phone number and postal code of the address 1031 Daugavpils Parkway?
Give the phone and postal code corresponding to the address '1031 Daugavpils Parkway'.
Which city has the most addresses? List the city name, number of addresses, and city id.
What are the city name, id, and number of addresses corresponding to the city with the most addressed?
How many addresses are in the district of California?
Count the number of addressed in the California district.
Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory? List the film title and id.
What are the title and id of the film which has a rental rate of 0.99 and an inventory of below 3?
How many cities are in Australia?
Count the number of cities in Australia.
Which countries have at least 3 cities?
What are the countries that contain 3 or more cities?
Find all the payment dates for the payments with an amount larger than 10 and the payments handled by a staff person with the first name Elsa.
What are the payment dates for any payments that have an amount greater than 10 or were handled by a staff member with the first name Elsa?
How many customers have an active value of 1?
Count the number of customers who are active.
Which film has the highest rental rate? And what is the rate?
What are the title and rental rate of the film with the highest rental rate?
Which film has the most number of actors or actresses? List the film name, film id and description.
What are the title, id, and description of the movie with the greatest number of actors?
Which film actor (actress) starred the most films? List his or her first name, last name and actor id.
Return the full name and id of the actor or actress who starred in the greatest number of films.
Which film actors (actresses) played a role in more than 30 films? List his or her first name and last name.
What are the full names of actors who had roles in more than 30 films?
Which store owns most items?
What is the id of the store that has the most items in inventory?
What is the total amount of all payments?
Return the sum of all payment amounts.
Which customer, who has made at least one payment, has spent the least money? List his or her first name, last name, and the id.
What is the full name and id of the customer who has the lowest total amount of payment?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF?
Return the name of the category to which the film 'HUNGER ROOF' belongs.
How many films are there in each category? List the genre name, genre id and the count.
What are the names and ids of the different categories, and how many films are in each?
Which film has the most copies in the inventory? List both title and id.
What is the title and id of the film that has the greatest number of copies in inventory?
What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently?
Return the title and inventory id of the film that is rented most often.
How many languages are in these films?
Count the number of different languages in these films.
What are all the movies rated as R? List the titles.
Return the titles of any movies with an R rating.
Where is store 1 located?
Return the address of store 1.
Which staff handled least number of payments? List the full name and the id.
Give the full name and staff id of the staff who has handled the fewest payments.
Which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use? List the language name.
What is the name of the language that the film 'AIRPORT POLLOCK' is in?
How many stores are there?
Count the number of stores.
How many kinds of different ratings are listed?
Count the number of different film ratings.
Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes' as a substring in the special feature?
Return the titles of films that include 'Deleted Scenes' in their special feature section.
How many items in inventory does store 1 have?
Count the number of items store 1 has in stock.
When did the first payment happen?
What was the date of the earliest payment?
Where does the customer with the first name Linda live? And what is her email?
Return the address and email of the customer with the first name Linda.
Find all the films longer than 100 minutes, or rated PG, except those who cost more than 200 for replacement. List the titles.
What are the titles of films that are either longer than 100 minutes or rated PG other than those that cost more than 200 to replace?
What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental?
Return the full name of the customer who made the first rental.
What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns?
Return the full name of the staff who provided a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns with a film rental.
Which store has most the customers?
Return the id of the store with the most customers.
What is the largest payment amount?
Return the amount of the largest payment.
Where does the staff member with the first name Elsa live?
Give the address of the staff member who has the first name Elsa.
What are the first names of customers who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01'?
Return the first names of customers who did not rented a film after the date '2005-08-23 02:06:01'.
