nl_question
What is the last name of the customer who placed an order for sales id 178?
What is the last name of sales person for sales id 100?
Sum up the number sales ids handled by employees called Morningstar, Heather and Dean.
Calculate the total price of products purchased by Adam.
Calculate the total quantity of products with name starting with alphabet "c".
Write down the name of products whose sale quantity is more than 950.
What is the full name of employee who sold 1000 units?
Tally the product name and quantity of the first ten sales.
What is the difference in price between HL Mountain Frame - Black, 42 and LL Mountain Frame - Black, 42?
Name the most expensive and the least expensive products available, excluding free gifts.
In sales ID between 30 and 40, who is the customer that bought a total quantity of 403?
Among the sales ID ranges from 1 to 200, what is the percentage of the products with a price ranging from 200 to 300?
What is the name of the most expensive product?
How many types of "HL Touring Frames" are there?
How many customers share the most common last name?
How many chainring bolts were sold under sales ID 551971?
Among the employee names, what is the most common middle initial?
Find and list the products that sold below the average quantity.
List down product names of free gifts.
List down the product name for products from id 1 to 10.
What is the first name of employee who handled sales for customer called Abigail?
How many free gifts have customer with id 11782 received?
What is the full name of customers who dealt with sales person with id 5?
Among customers with IDs from 1 to 100, what is the highest price of products they purchased?
Calculate the total price for products from id 400 to 500.
Among the products, how many of them are freebies?
What is the total sales amount for Reflector?
What is the best selling colour for HL Mountain Frame, 42?
How many sales people are handling all the customers?
Identify the name of the sales person with employee ID 7.
Give the product's name brought by Aaron Alexander.
How many customers are named Madison?
How many free or gift products are there?
Among the "Mountain-500 Black" product types, which type was purchased the most?
How many employees sold "ML Road Frame-W - Yellow, 40"?
How many employees sold over 20,000 quantities of "Touring-2000 Blue, 50"?
List the first name of all the customers whose last name is Chen.
What is the average price of products that cost between 100 and 200?
Calculate the average quantity per sales from sales id 20 to 30.
List down all of the product names that were placed by sales person with id 10.
List the product ID of the top five products, by descending order, in terms of price.
Name the customers who received 'Touring Rim' as a free gift.
How many customers have the first name Abigail?
How many of the employees have the last name "Ringer" ?
Among the products with product ID lower than 15, how many of them costs 10 and below?
Among the products that have price ranges from 100 to 150, what is the customer ID and sales ID of the product with a quantity lower than 25?
In sales with a quantity of 60, how many of them have a price not greater than 500?
How many sales ids are there for customer id 80?
Count the total quantity for sales from id 1 to 10.
List down the product id for products with the highest quantity.
Calculate the total sales ids that were sales of Flat Washer 8.
List down the first name of customers who placed order for product id 1.
List down product ids that were purchased by customers called Abby.
Write down all of the product ids that were placed by Meander.
Calculate the total quantity of products purchased by customer called Adrian.
Calculate the total number of sales closed by Michel E. DeFrance?
Name the sales person who helped Elizabeth A. White to purchase Road-250 Black, 48.
How many sales transactions were given by the customer named Joe L. Lopez?
Find the number of customers handled by each of the sales people.
Among all the customers who have purchased ML Bottom Bracket, identify the percentage of sales by Albert I. Ringer?
Indicate the quantity of Blade products sold.
List the first names of employees with trading quantity for more than 500.
List the first names of customers who have purchased products from sale person id 1.
Calculate the total trading quantity of Abraham sold to Aaron Alexander.
Among the customers whose first name is Cameron, who bought the product in the most quantity?
Please provide sales ID for products named Hex Nut with a price greater than 100.
Identify customer IDs who bought products priced from 1000 to 2000.
Calculate the total quantity of products that are gifts.
Calculate the percentage of sold blades in the total number of transactions.
Give the product ID and name of the product with the highest prices among the quantity ranges from 400 to 500.
In customers with the first name of Erica, how many of them bought a quantity below 200?
What is the price and quantity of the product named Seat Tube?
List the customer's ID and last name of the customer that purchased a product with a quantity greater than 90% of the average quantity of all listed products.
How much is the total amount of sales handled by Heather McBadden?
How many "Mountain-100 Silver, 38" were sold by Stearns MacFeather?
What is the total cost of all the "Road-650, Red, 60" products that Abraham E. Bennet sold?
Which product has the highest total amount of quantity sold? Calculate its overall total price.
