nl_question
How many schools are there?
Count the number of schools.
List the locations of schools in ascending order of enrollment.
What is the list of school locations sorted in ascending order of school enrollment?
List the locations of schools in descending order of founded year.
What is the list of school locations sorted in descending order of school foundation year?
What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is not "Catholic"?
List the enrollment for each school that does not have "Catholic" as denomination.
What is the average enrollment of schools?
Take the average of the school enrollment.
What are the teams of the players, sorted in ascending alphabetical order?
Find the team of each player and sort them in ascending alphabetical order.
How many different positions of players are there?
Count the number of distinct player positions.
Find the team of the player of the highest age.
Which team has the oldest player?
List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages.
What are the teams that have the 5 oldest players?
For each player, show the team and the location of school they belong to.
What are the team and the location of school each player belongs to?
Show the locations of schools that have more than 1 player.
Which schools have more than 1 player? Give me the school locations.
Show the denomination of the school that has the most players.
What is the denomination of the school the most players belong to?
Show locations and nicknames of schools.
What are the location and nickname of each school?
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools.
For each denomination, return the denomination and the count of schools with that denomination.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools in descending order.
Order denominations in descending order of the count of schools with the denomination. Return each denomination with the count of schools.
List the school color of the school that has the largest enrollment.
What is the school color of the school with the largest enrollment?
List the locations of schools that do not have any player.
Which schools do not have any player? Give me the school locations.
Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
What are the denominations used by both schools founded before 1890 and schools founded  after 1900?
Show the nicknames of schools that are not in division 1.
What are the nicknames of schools whose division is not 1?
Show the denomination shared by more than one school.
What are the denomination more than one school have?
