nl_question
How many scenes are there in Act 1 in Twelfth Night?
What is the description of Act 1, Scene 2 in Twelfth Night?
How many more scenes are there in Act 1 than in Act 5 in Twelfth Night?
Which work is the character Lord Abergavenny from? Please give its short or abbreviated title.
Please list the character names of all the characters from the work Twelfth Night.
How many paragraphs are there in Act 1, Scene 1 in Twelfth Night?
How many paragraphs contain the character Lord Abergavenny?
For how many times has the scene "OLIVIA’S house." appeared in Twelfth Night?
How many characters are there in Twelfth Night?
How many characters are there in Titus Andronicus?
What is the description for the character mentioned in paragraph No.640171?
How many scenes are there in King John?
Give the description for the Act No.2, Scene No.2 of Midsummer Night's Dream.
What percentage of all scenes are tragic scenes in Shakespeare's work in 1594?
Gives the average number of chapters in Shakespeare's 1599 work.
What is the long title of the work with the highest number of scenes in act 1?
What is the description of the chapter with the longest number of paragraphs?
In "Twelfth Night, Or What You Will", what is the description of the chapter in 2nd scene, Act 2?
How many paragraphs are there in the chapter with the highest amount of scenes in act 1?
In "Florence. Without the walls. A tucket afar off", what is the id of the character that was mentioned in "His name, I pray you."?
How many characters are there in Hamlet?
Among the history works written by Shakespeare, how many works whose 1st acts have no more than 2 scenes?
How many acts are there in Sonnets?
What is the description of the chapter where the character whose abrreviated name is 1Play appeared first?
How many paragraphs are there in the longest chapter where Sir Richard Ratcliff appeared?
When did Shakespeare create his work that has 154 scenes?
How many chapters are there in "Midsummer Night's Dream"?
Calculate the percentage of paragraphs in all chapters of "All's Well That Ends Well".
What are the work numbers that are related to King Henry?
Please list all of the character descriptions in paragraph 20.
How many chapters have the name Gratiano as a character for "friend to Antonio and Bassiano"?
What are the character names in paragraph 3?
Please list all of the paragraphs that have the character name Aedile.
Please list any two character names in chapter 18708.
What is the percentage of act number 5 in Titus Andronicus?
List the paragraph number and paragraphs said by the character named "Sir Andrew Aguecheek".
Give the title and the characters name of the most recent work of Shakespeare.
What is the long title of the Shakespeare's work with Act 4 Scene 5 described as "Mytilene. A street before the brothel."?
In the Venus and Adonis, what is the description of the last scene listed?
In Act 1 Scene 2 of the Twelfth Night, what is the total number of of lines said by Viola?
What is the character and work ID of the text "Fear not thou, man, thou shalt lose nothing here."?
List the scene numbers involving the character named Sir Toby Belch in the Twelfth Night.
In Shakespeare's works before 1600, list down the title of the tragic story he had written that involved a character named "Tybalt".
List the chapter ID of the works with a year greater than the 89% of average year of all listed works of Shakespeare.
Please list all the paragraphs in Act 1, Scene 1 in Twelfth Night.
How many comedies did Shakespeare create?
When did Shakespeare write the first poem?
Give the abbreviation name for the character "Earl of Westmoreland".
How many paragraphs are there in the scene whose description is "A Sea-port in Cyprus. An open place near the quay."?
How many "servant to Timon" characters are there?
What is the title of the first ever work of William Shakespeare?
How many poems did Shakespeare write?
How many paragraphs are there in "Ay, surely, mere the truth: I know his lady."?
How many scenes are there in the 5th act of "History of Henry VIII"?
What are the titles and genres of the one-act works of Shakespeare?
List the character names and descriptions of chapter ID 18710.
List the scenes and descriptions in Act 1 of " Pericles, Prince of Tyre".
Describe the full title which had the character named Servant to Montague.
Provide the character name, paragraph number, and plain text of "cousin to the king" description.
How many "all" character names have the "all" abbreviation?
From 1593 onwards, what is the difference between the number of comedy works and history works?
What is the name of the character that can be found in paragraph 8 of chapter 18820?
How many of the works of Shakespeare are Tragedy?
Among the works of Shakespeare, how many of them have the word "Henry" on its title?
Give the character's ID of the character that said the paragraph "O my poor brother! and so perchance may he be."
How many of Shakespeare's works were finished before the year 1602?
What is the paragraph number with plain text "This is Illyria, lady"?
How many number of paragraphs are there in chapter ID 18881?
How many chapters include the character name "First Witch"?
Calculate average scene per act in Antony and Cleopatra.
What is the description of chapter 18704, where there is a character called Orsino?
Who is the character that said "This is Illyria, lady."?
Among the comedy works of Shakespeare, what is the percentage of his works with a character named "antonio"?
Give the title of the work that contains the character "Shylock".
Who is the daughter of Capulet?
Which of Shakespeare's work has chapter description of "A field near Windsor"?
What is the title which has character named "Froth"?
