nl_question
How many different captain ranks are there?
Count the number of different ranks of captain.
How many captains are in each rank?
Count the number of captains that have each rank.
How many captains with younger than 50 are in each rank?
Count the number of captains younger than 50 of each rank.
Sort all captain names by their ages from old to young.
What are the names of captains, sorted by age descending?
Find the name, class and rank of all captains.
What are the names, classes, and ranks of all captains?
Which rank is the most common among captains?
Return the rank for which there are the fewest captains.
Which classes have more than two captains?
Give the classes that have more than two captains.
Find the name of captains whose rank are either Midshipman or Lieutenant.
What are the names of captains that have either the rank Midshipman or Lieutenant?
What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class?
Return the average and minimum age of captains in each class.
Find the captain rank that has some captains in both Cutter and Armed schooner classes.
What are the ranks of captains that are both in the Cutter and Armed schooner classes?
Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class.
What are the ranks of captains that have no captain that are in the Third-rate ship of the line class?
What is the name of the youngest captain?
Return the name of the youngest captain.
how many ships are there?
Count the number of ships.
Find the name, type, and flag of the ship that is built in the most recent year.
What is the name, type, and flag of the ship that was built in the most recent year?
Group by ships by flag, and return number of ships that have each flag.
What are the different ship flags, and how many ships have each?
Which flag is most widely used among all ships?
Return the flag that is most common among all ships.
List all ship names in the order of built year and class.
What are the names of ships, ordered by year they were built and their class?
Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags.
What types of ships have both ships that have Panama Flags and Malta flags?
In which year were most of ships built?
What is the year in which most ships were built?
Find the name of the ships that have more than one captain.
What are the names of ships that have more than one captain?
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet?
Return the names and classes of ships that do not have a captain?
Find the name of the ship that is steered by the youngest captain.
What is the name of the ship that is commanded by the youngest captain?
Find the name and flag of ships that are not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank.
What are the names and flags of ships that do not have a captain with the rank of Midshipman?
Find the name of the ships that are steered by both a captain with Midshipman rank and a captain with Lieutenant rank.
What are the names of ships that are commanded by both captains with the rank of Midshipman and captains with the rank of Lieutenant?
