nl_question
How many branches where have more than average number of memberships are there?
What is the number of branches that have more than the average number of memberships?
Show name, address road, and city for all branches sorted by open year.
What are the names, address roads, and cities of the branches ordered by opening year?
What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
What are the names for the 3 branches that have the most memberships?
Show all distinct city where branches with at least 100 memberships are located.
What are the different cities that have more than 100 memberships?
List all open years when at least two shops are opened.
What are the opening years in which at least two shops opened?
Show minimum and maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city London.
What are the minimum and maximum membership amounts for all branches that either opened in 2011 or are located in London?
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city.
For each city, how many branches opened before 2010?
How many different levels do members have?
What are the different membership levels?
Show card number, name, and hometown for all members in a descending order of level.
What are the card numbers, names, and hometowns of every member ordered by descending level?
Show the membership level with most number of members.
What is the membership level with the most people?
Show all member names and registered branch names sorted by register year.
What are the names of the members and branches at which they are registered sorted by year of registration?
Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015.
For each branch id, what are the names of the branches that were registered after 2015?
Show member names without any registered branch.
What are the names of the members that have never registered at any branch?
List the branch name and city without any registered members.
What are the names and cities of the branches that do not have any registered members?
What is the name and open year for the branch with most number of memberships registered in 2016?
What is the name and opening year for the branch that registered the most members in 2016?
Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016.
What are the member names and hometowns of those who registered at a branch in 2016?
Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership.
What are the cities that have a branch that opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 members?
Show all cities without a branch having more than 100 memberships.
What are the cities that do not have any branches with more than 100 members?
What is the sum of total pounds of purchase in year 2018 for all branches in London?
How many total pounds were purchased in the year 2018 at all London branches?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
What are the total purchases for members rated at level 6?
Find the name of branches where have some members whose hometown is in Louisville, Kentucky and some in Hiram, Georgia.
What are the names of the branches that have some members with a hometown in Louisville, Kentucky and also those from Hiram, Goergia?
list the card number of all members whose hometown address includes word "Kentucky".
What are the card numbers of members from Kentucky?
