nl_question
Which crew member of the simpson 20s is the oldest?
How many crew members who were born in the USA were nominated for the Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming Less Than One Hour) award in 2009?
Please list all the keywords of the episode Lost Verizon.
What's the rating of the episode in which Dan Castellaneta won the Outstanding Voice-Over Performance award in 2009?
How many 7-star votes in star score did the episode Lost Verizon have?
How many stars did most of the voters give in star score for the episode Lost Verizon?
Please list the titles of the episodes that have over 200 voters voting a 10 in star score.
How many episodes aired in the year 2009 have over 15% of voters giving 10 stars in star score?
What's the title of the episode that got the most 7-star votes in star score?
How many stars on average does the episode Lost Verizon have?
Name the title of the episode where Pamela Hayden voiced the character 'Ruthie.'
List down all the roles of Matt Groening on the episode titled 'In the Name of the Grandfather' along with the episode number and series number.
What is the average number of stars received by the episode titled 'Wedding for Disaster.'
Write the title and all the keywords of the episode that was aired on 3/22/2009.
Calculate the difference between the highest votes for episode and the lowest votes for episode.
List the name character awarded for the Outstanding Voice-Over Performance award in 2009.
What is the title of episode that won the Best International TV Series Award in 2017?
List the name of persons who were not included in the credit for the 'How the Test Was Won' episode.
What is the title of episode that has a keyword of 'riot' and 'cake'?
Name all the person who involved in the making of simpson 20s episode that aired between October to November.
State the name of director for the 'Treehouse of Horror XIX' episode.
Based on the credits, state how many roles were played in the 5th episode of simpson 20.
List all the keyword for 'Take My Life, Please' episode.
How old was the awardee when he/she won the first-ever award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance in Primetime Emmy Awards?
In "No Loan Again, Naturally", how many stars received votes of no more than 50?
In Season 20 Episode 11, how many times was Doofus included in the credit list?
In "Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes", how many percentage of votes did the 9 star score has?
Describe the birth country, height and person name who were not included in credit list with category of casting.
List the nominee, keywords and episode ID of the title "The Good, the Sad and the Drugly".
What is the voting numbers and percentage of the best rating scale of the episode which had keyword of "arab stereotype"?
Mention the episode ID, title and any three keywords of the episode which get the most number of votes in star classification of worst.
Describe name, birth country, role in episode and age in 2022 of the oldest crew member..
Name the title of the episode that received the highest star score and the highest number of votes.
What is the birth name of Al Jean and his role in creating The simpson 20s: Season 20?
List all keywords associated with the episode 'Take My Life, Please'.
What is The simpson 20s: Season 20 average awards winning rate?
Who produced The simpson 20s: Season 20?
How old was composer of the show when he was nominated for Emmy's Outstanding Music Composition for a Series in 2009. Indicate his full name as well.
Which episode of The simpson 20s: Season 20 has received the most nominations? Indicate the title.
Please indicate the keywords of the title "Double, Double, Boy in Trouble".
Among episodes from 10 to 20, which episode has more than 200 votes?
Which episode id did award Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming Less Than One Hour) with an episode star score of 10?
Please indicate which writer has an episode star score greater than 5 in 2009.
Which episode did the composer win for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series (Original Dramatic Score) with more than 200 votes?
How much more votes for episode 1 than for episode 5?
Please list the three episodes with the highest number of votes for the worst star rating.
Please list all of the episodes that aired in 2008 that have the highest number of votes for the maximum star rating.
What are the keywords of the episode "Take My Life, Please"?
Please provide any two episodes' names that have the same keyword of "1930s to 2020s".
How many votes of 5-star did the episode "Lisa the Drama Queen" receive?
What is the number of votes for 10-star for the episode that has the keyword "reference to the fantastic four"?
What is the difference between the number of votes for 1-star vs. 10-star for the episode "The Burns and the Bees"?
What are the keywords of the least popular episode?
What are the episodes that have the average rating with more than 20 of 2-star votes?
Which episode has the largest number of votes?
What are the roles of the cast and crew from countries other than the USA?
Which character did the "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance" winner voice?
What is the summary of the episode in which Emily Blunt is featured in?
Who did "The Tiny Canadian" play as in the show?
Among the episodes with an award nominee or winner, which has the highest percent of 5 star votes?
List all of the award winners' birth dates.
What award did the episode that aired on 11/30/2008 win?
What are the keywords for episode 426 of the series?
How many additional timers were born in USA?
How many people who were born after 1970 are animation executive producer?
List down the rating of episodes that were produced by Jason Bikowski.
What is the average heights of crew members from Animation Department?
What is the character that won the award in Primetime Emmy 2009?
What are the characters that were nominated for Primetime Emmy Award from 2009 to 2010 but did not win?
Please check is "limbo dancing" the keyword for title "Dangerous Curves"?
Which title is the winner of Best International TV Series in 2017?
State the birth place of co-executive producer for nominee of "Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming Less Than One Hour)" award.
Out of the rating of 6.8 scored by title "No Loan Again, Naturally", how many percent of it consists of scores 5 to 10?
How many episodes have the star score greater than 8?
Name the organization which hold the award id 328.
Calculate the percentage of the nominees who were born in USA.
Calculate the percentage of the winners who are higher than 1.75 meters.
List out the title of episodes which have star score of 2.
Among the episodes which have star score greater than 5, how many episodes have air date in 2008?
List out the names of the awarded character in the awards held in 2009.
Which are the years that character Mr. Burns won an award?
What is the name of actor who took the role Smithers?
What are the keywords of the episode which has title as Dangerous Curves?
What are the keywords of the episodes which have the air date in 2008?
Among the episodes which have star score less than 8, how many episodes were aired in 2009?
Give the title of the episode won in Primetime Emmy Awards 2009.
List down the episode ID of episodes aired in 2008 with 5 stars and below.
Among the episode with highest votes, what is the category credited to Carlton Batten?
List the episode ID and title of episode where casting was credited to Bonita Pietila.
Among the people in Animation Department, who are credited for additional time in the episode titled by "How the Test Was Won"?
List the stars of episodes aired in November 2008.
What is the title of episode with 5 stars and nominated for Prism Award which is aired on April 19, 2009?
In episodes aired in 2009, how many of them are credited to Sam Im for additional timer?
List the title of the episode with stars greater than the 70% of average stars of all episodes.
What's the nickname for Dan Castellaneta?
Among the crew members of the simpson 20s born in the New York city, how many of them were born after the year 1970?
In which country was the winner of the Outstanding Voice-Over Performance award of 2009 born?
Which character won the Outstanding Voice-Over Performance award in 2009?
Write down the title and summary of the episode with the keyword 'eviction.'
What is the birth name of the person who voiced 'Helen Lovejoy?'
How many episodes have more than 1000 votes?
Find the average height for each person.
What year did the Simpsons receive its first ever award for Favorite Animated Comedy in People's Choice Award?
What character did Dan Castellaneta play that won him an award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance in 2009 in the Primetime Emmy Awards?
Among the episodes aired on April of 2009, how many episodes won an award?
How many award winners are from the USA?
What was the first award won by the cast or crew member of the show? Give the name of the person who won the said award.
List the award name and persons who won the award in 2009.
For the episode who won the award held by Jupiter Award, describe award name, aired date and rating of that episode.
Among the episodes with excellent rating which were aired in 2008, describe the title, episode's image, award name and person who were nominated.
What is the total number of awards won by The simpson 20s: Season 20?
How many nominations have Billy Kimball received in 2010 for The simpson 20s: Season 20?
Indicate the name and category of the most recent award received by the show.
List the categories for which Bonita Pietila was given credit and her role in creating the episodes.
Please indicate the birthplace of the crew which name is Dan Castellaneta.
How many crews were born in the USA?
Please list the name of crew that were born before 1970.
How many of the crew members who are taller than 1.70m were born in Canada?
In 2010, which episode did Joel H. Cohen win an award for?
Who is the oldest among all the casts and crews?
What are the episodes Oscar Cervantes is credited with?
What is the credited cast for the episode "In the Name of the Grandfather"?
List down person's name who has nickname.
Which country has the tallest person in the crew?
Write down the website address which stores the episode image of episode 5.
State the number of votes for episode with rating of 7 and above.
How many title's crew members are working from Casting Department?
Calculate the total votes of episodes that Adam Kuhlman had involved.
What is the percentage of star score 5 that was collected by title "Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes"?
Which episode has the highest number of vote of the star score?
How many episodes have the keyword "2d animation"?
How many awards classified as "Primetime Emmy" category?
List out the birth name of crews who are co-executive producer and higher than 1.60 meters.
List out the star scores of episode which has title of "How the Test Was Won".
What is the awarded category that the awarded character Lenny won?
What is the title of episode nominated for WGA Award (TV) with votes greater than 1000?
In year 2009, what is the percentage of the episode titled by "Gone Maggie Gone" being nominated?
Please list the names of all the awards won by the crew member whose nickname is Doofus.
What is the percentage of Primetime Emmy nominated episodes with a rating over 7 to all the episodes that have a rating over 7?
How many persons were born in New York, USA?
Among the person nominated for the Comedy Series Award in 2009, how many of them were born in California?
What is the title of the episode that received the lowest rating?
How many episodes was Dell Hake not included in the credit list?
Among the casts who were born in Los Angeles, describe the name and birth date of who have 1.8 m and above in height.
Describe the award title, person and character name of the award ID 326.
Find the winning rate of award in 2010. Describe the winner name, award name, episode title and role of the winner in that episode.
What is the average number of stars assigned to The simpson 20s: S20-E12? What is the said episode all about?
How many episodes were aired between October and November 2008?
The person named Al Jean achieved the Primetime Emmy Award category in 2009, which episode did AI Jean achieve?
In the crew, who was born in 1962 in California?
How many people were considered as prospective recipients of the "Animation" award?
What are the top five most popular episodes?
What was the character that Dan Castellaneta did the voice over for and was awarded?
List down the title of episode S20-E1, S20-E2 & S20-E3.
How many awards had been held in 2009?
What is the total number of episode with a rating below 7?
In between the episode 5 and10 of season 2, how many of them are credited for casting?
Write down the award ID, award name and winner for character named "Homer simpson 20".
Provide the number of credits, category, role and birthplace of the crew member who was born in North Korea.
What award did the character Homer simpson 20 achieve in 2009?
Please list two people who are the nominees for the "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance" award for season 20.
Please list any three episodes that have an excellent rating.
Write down the summary of episode whereby it has crew members that are not included in the credit list.
What is the episode ID that received 2 stars and 9 votes?
