nl_question
What is the bowling skill of SC Ganguly?
Please list the names of the players who use the right hand as their batting hand and are from Australia.
Among the players whose bowling skill is "Legbreak", when was the oldest one of them born?
What is the bowling skill used by most players?
What is the name of the player who won the "man of the match" award in the match on 2008/4/18?
What is the role of SC Ganguly in the match on 2008/4/18?
Among all the matches SC Ganguly has played in, what is the highest winning margin?
Give the name of the youngest player.
How many times has Sunrisers Hyderabad been the toss winner of a game?
Give the name of the striker in the match no. 419169, over no.3, ball no.2, inning no.2.
Give the name of venue for the game with a win margin of 138 points.
Who was the man of the series in 2013? Give the full name.
Which country does Ranchi city belong to?
How many Indian cities are there in the database?
In the database, how many times is the number of Indian cities to the South African cities?
How many times does M Chinnaswamy Stadium host games than Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium?
Who is the oldest player?
How many matches did Team 10 play in 2012?
List the id of the player who won the Orange Cap for 2 consecutive seasons.
What is the name of the player with the highest number of outstanding player awards in a particular match?
How many Orange Cap awards were won by CH Gayle?
Which season played the highest number of matches at M Chinnaswamy Stadium?
Which venue did Kolkata Knight Riders play most of their matches as a Team 1?
Who is the player who won the first ever "man of the match" award?
When did Chennai Super Kings play its first match?
What is the percentage of all right-handed batting players among all the other players?
Name the player who is born on July 7, 1981.
How many matches were played by the player with player ID 2?
List the first team's name in the match with the highest winning margin.
Give the country where St. George's Park is located.
Provide the winning team's name in the match with the point of winning margin of 7 on May 7, 2009.
List the cities located in U.A.E.
What is the total number of won matches of the team named "Pune Warriors"?
What is the role of K Goel in the match ID 335992?
How many cities are located in South Africa?
How many matches were held at the venue named "Newlands"?
Provide the point of the winning margin in a match between Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore on May 28, 2008.
Among the players born in 1977, what is the percentage of the players with a role as a captain?
List the over IDs, ball IDs, and innings numbers of the match ID "336004" while the batsman got the maximum scores.
List the match IDs which had players out by hit wickets.
How many times did Yuvraj Singh receive the Man of the Match award?
Among the players who were born in 1977, provide names and birthdates of the players from England.
Calculate the win rate of the team "Chennai Super Kings".
Provide the names and birthdates of players who have left-arm fast skills.
Where did BR Doctrove come from?
Who was the captain of the winning team in the match held on 1st June 2008?
Among the matches held in Mumbai, how many percent of them were held in Wankhede Stadium?
Among the players out in match ID 392187, calculate the percentage of players out by bowl.
List down the ID of toss winners who decided to bat after winning the "toss of the coin".
List down the match ID of matches that the "man of the match" award was given to BB McCullum.
List down the DOB of players who received the "man of the match" award.
List down the name of teams that won the toss of the coin from matches with ID from 336010 to 336020.
How many matches have Mumbai Indians won?
List down names of teams that have played as second team against Pune Warriors.
What is the name of the team that won match ID 336000?
List down the name of venues in season 2.
What is the city of M Chinnaswamy Stadium?
List down all of the winning teams' IDs that played in St George's Park.
List the name of the players born between 1970 and 1990 in descending order of age.
In the players, how many were out by hit wicket?
In the matches where the winning margin is less than fifty, how many teams won by wicket?
Give the name of the venue where the most number of matches are held.
Which city hosted the least number of no-result matches?
Identify by their ID all the overs in which the player with ID 7 was on strike.
How many players are older than Gurkeerat Singh player?
How many times has SR Watson been named 'Man of the Match'?
What is the name of the player who has been chosen the most times for 'Man of the Series'?
In what year did SP Narine win the Orange Cap?
Which teams have had a player awarded the Purple Cap and another with the Orange Cap in the same season?
List the name of all New Zealand umpires.
What is the average number of extra runs made as noballs?
List the player's ID of the top five players, by descending order, in terms of bowling skill.
What is the name of the youngest player?
What is the total number of runs scored by the batsmen during the 2nd inning of the match ID 335988?
How many times did the matches were held in MA Chidambaram Stadium from 5/9/2009 to 8/8/2011?
Where was the ID 336005 match held? Please give me the venue and the city.
Which team wins the toss during the match ID 336011, and can you tell me whether they decided to bat or field?
Write down the name of players whose bowling skill is Legbreak.
When and for what role did the youngest player appear in his first match?
Tally the match IDs in which V Kohli is the "Man of the Match".
Write down the player names and IDs of the English umpires.
Which year do the majority of the players were born?
What is the date of the match that has the highest wager on the final result of a game?
Which season has the fewest number of matches?
What is the name of the team that won the first ever match?
How many cities are in U.A.E?
List the names of all the umpires from England.
Which country is umpire TH Wijewardene from?
What are the names of the venues in Abu Dhabi?
How many overs were there in each innings of match ID "336011"?
List the ball IDs, scores, and innings numbers in the over ID 20 of match ID "335988".
How old is Ishan Kishan in 2022?
Provide the players' names in both teams of the match that was held in June 2014.
How many matches did Mohammad Hafeez play?
Which bowling skills did the players from Zimbabwea have?
List the IDs and names of the umpires from New Zealand.
Provide match ID which had the extra type of penalty.
Which is the country of the city named "Rajkot"?
Give the name of the team of T Kohli in the match ID 335989.
How many venues are located at Centurion, South Africa?
Among the matches played by Royal Challengers Bangalore, what is the match ID of the match with the highest winning margin?
How many times did K Goel played as a player only?
What is the average winning margin of the matches held in Newlands?
Provide the losing team's name in the match ID 336039.
What is the second team's name in the match with the lowest winning margin?
Among the matches in 2013, what is the percentage of winning of the team "Mumbai Indians"?
What is the difference between the number of matches where SC Ganguly played as a Captain and those matches where he played other roles?
What is the city name of country ID 3?
Provide the country ID of East London.
How old is SC Ganguly in 2008?
List the names of players who play by the left hand.
List the name of England players.
What is the venue name of Bandladore?
List the names of players who played as a keeper.
What type did match ID 336000 win?
Where did SB Joshi come from?
How many matches did team Kings XI Punjab win in season year 2008?
How many matches did team Mumbai Indians win in 2008?
What is the average of Indian players that were born between 1975 and 1985 among all players?
Calculate the percentage of left hand batting style players among all players.
What is the percentage of matches that are won by runs?
Who is the winning team in a match held on April 26, 2009 with a winning margin of 6 points?
In the match ID 419135, who won by runs?
Among the matches held in St. George's Park, give the match ID of the match with the highest winning margin points.
How many matches were there in May, 2008?
For how many times has player no.41 won the "man of the match" award?
For how many times has SC Ganguly played as team captain in a match?
What is the average winning margin of all the matches SC Ganguly has played in?
For the game on 2008/5/12, who was the man of the match?
State the name of the city with the most venues.
How many matches were played on May 2008?
How many matches were played in Season 7?
How many umpires are from South Africa?
In which country do the majority of the players are from?
How many players with left-hand batting style are from India?
List the players' names who were born in 1971.
Provide the match IDs which were held on 18th April 2015.
How many players got out by being stumped in the second innings of all matches?
Who got the Man of the Series Award in 2010?
List the names and countries of the players from Gujarat Lions who played in the match held on 11th April 2016.
Which team did CK Kapugedera belong to? How many matches did he play?
How many percent of the toss-winners decided to bowl first on the pitch from 2010 to 2016?
What are the match IDs that were played at Brabourne Stadium?
List down all of the venues in Mumbai.
Of the wickets taken in the third overs, how many are without the involvement of fielders?
Which player became the man of the series in the year 2012? Give the name and country of this player.
How many first teams chose to bat after winning the toss?
How many games were played in March 2010?
Give me the match ID and date of the matches that were held in Kingsmead for three consecutive days.
Who is the player who received the man of the match award during the last match of Season 9?
How many matches did Rajasthan Royals play in Season 8?
How many matches were held in 2011?
Among the players from South Africa, provide the players' names who were born in 1984.
How many matches did the Sunrisers Hyderabad team win in 2013?
Name the teams played in a match which resulted in a tie in 2015.
How many matches are there in 2008?
How many players have the bowling skill greater than 2?
How many players were born in 1970?
How many victory matches were there in 2008?
What is the role of SC Ganguly?
What are the names of players in team 1?
How many players have left arm fast in bowling skill?
What is the outcome type of match ID 392195?
Who is the youngest player and which city did he/she come from?
How many seasons did Pune Warriors participate in?
What year was R Dravid born and the role he played?
Count the matches that were won by wickets in all season.
How many matches have 7 points of winning margin?
What is the total number of players born between 1970 to 1975?
Give the match's venue and winning team for the match ID 392194.
Please list the IDs of all the matches in the year 2008.
How many players are from Australia?
Which country is the oldest player from?
What is the batting hand of MK Pandey?
How many players were born in the 90s?
How many players got out in the first inning of match ID "548335"?
Is SuperSport Park located at Centurion?
Write the name of the player who was the man of the series more than one time.
Indicate the name of the most versatile players of the Delhi Daredevils.
How many players were born before 10/16/1975, and have a bowling skill of less than 3?
Which country is the youngest player from?
Who is the youngest player to have won the Purple Cap?
Who was the captain-keeper of Rising Pune Supergiants?
Count the matches with a total of two innings.
How many players were born in the 80s and have bowling skill of 2?
How many matches are there in April, 2008?
What are the names of players that have run scored less than 3?
How many overs were there in the first innings of match ID "335996"?
What is the venue for the match ID 829768?
Which team won by wickets in match ID 335993?
