nl_question
How many clubs are there?
Count the number of clubs.
List the name of clubs in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of clubs, ordered alphabetically?
What are the managers and captains of clubs?
Return the managers and captains of all clubs.
List the name of clubs whose manufacturer is not "Nike"
What are the names of clubs who do not have the manufacturer Nike?
What are the names of players in ascending order of wins count?
Return the names of players in order of count of wins, ascending.
What is the name of the player with the highest earnings?
Return the name of the player who earns the most money.
What are the distinct countries of players with earnings higher than 1200000?
From which countries are players who make more than 1200000 from?
What is the country of the player with the highest earnings among players that have more than 2 win counts?
Of players who have more than 2 wins, what is the country of the player who makes the most?
Show names of players and names of clubs they are in.
What are the names of players and the corresponding clubs that they are in?
Show names of clubs that have players with more than 2 win counts.
What are the names of clubs that have players who have won more than twice?
Show names of players from the club with manager "Sam Allardyce".
What are the names of players from the club managed by Sam Allardyce?
Show names of clubs in descending order of average earnings of players belonging.
What are the names of clubs, ordered descending by the average earnings of players within each?
Show different manufacturers and the number of clubs they are associated with.
How many clubs use each manufacturer?
Please show the most common manufacturer of clubs.
Which manufacturer is most common among clubs?
List the manufacturers that are associated with more than one club.
Which manufacturers work for more than 1 club?
List the country that have more than one player.
Which countries have produced more than one player?
List the name of clubs that do not have players.
What are the names of clubs that do not have any players?
Show the country of players with earnings more than 1400000 and players with earnings less than 1100000.
Which country has produced both players with earnings over 1400000 and players with earnings below 1100000?
What is the number of distinct countries of all players?
How many different countries are players from?
Show the earnings of players from country "Australia" or "Zimbabwe".
What are the earnings of players from either of the countries of Australia or Zimbabwe?
