nl_question
What is the total enrollment number of all colleges?
How many students are enrolled in college?
What is the average enrollment number?
How many students, on average, does each college have enrolled?
How many colleges in total?
How many different colleges are there?
How many players have more than 1000 hours of training?
How many different players trained for more than 1000 hours?
How many colleges has more than 15000 students?
What is the number of colleges with a student population greater than 15000?
What is the average training hours of all players?
How many hours do the players train on average?
Find the name and training hours of players whose hours are below 1500.
What are the names and number of hours spent training for each player who trains for less than 1500 hours?
How many different colleges do attend the tryout test?
How many different colleges were represented at tryouts?
What are the unique types of player positions in the tryout?
What are the different types of player positions?
How many students got accepted after the tryout?
How many students received a yes from tryouts?
How many students whose are playing the role of goalie?
What is the number of students playing as a goalie?
Find the max, average and min training hours of all players.
What is the average, maximum, and minimum for the number of hours spent training?
What is average enrollment of colleges in the state FL?
What is average number of students enrolled in Florida colleges?
What are the names of players whose training hours is between 500 and 1500?
What are the names of players who train between 500 and 1500 hours?
Find the players whose names contain letter 'a'.
Who are the players that have names containing the letter a?
Find the name, enrollment of the colleges whose size is bigger than 10000 and location is in state LA.
What are the names and enrollment numbers for colleges that have more than 10000 enrolled and are located in Louisiana?
List all information about college sorted by enrollment number in the ascending order.
What information do you have on colleges sorted by increasing enrollment numbers?
List the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater 18000 sorted by the college's name.
What is the name of every college in alphabetical order that has more than 18000 students enrolled?
Find the name of players whose card is yes in the descending order of training hours.
What are the name of the players who received a card in descending order of the hours of training?
Find the name of different colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order.
What are the different names of the colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order?
Which position is most popular among players in the tryout?
What was the most popular position at tryouts?
Find the number of students who participate in the tryout for each college ordered by descending count.
How many students participated in tryouts for each college by descennding count?
What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position?
For each position, what is the minimum time students spent practicing?
What are the names of schools with the top 3 largest size?
What are the names of the schools with the top 3 largest class sizes?
What is the name of school that has the smallest enrollment in each state?
What is the name of the school with smallest enrollment size per state?
Find the states where have some college students in tryout.
What are the different states that have students trying out?
Find the states where have some college students in tryout and their decisions are yes.
What are the different states that had students successfully try out?
Find the name and college of students whose decisions are yes in the tryout.
What are the names of all the players who received a yes during tryouts, and also what are the names of their colleges?
Find the name of all students who were in the tryout sorted in alphabetic order.
What are the names of all students who tried out in alphabetical order?
Find the name and hours of the students whose tryout decision is yes.
What are the names and hours spent practicing of every student who received a yes at tryouts?
Find the states of the colleges that have students in the tryout who played in striker position.
What are the states of the colleges where students who tried out for the striker position attend?
Find the names of the students who are in the position of striker and got a yes tryout decision.
What are the names of all students who successfully tried out for the position of striker?
Find the state of the college which player Charles is attending.
In which state is the college that Charles attends?
Find the average and maximum hours for the students whose tryout decision is yes.
What is the average and maximum number of hours students who made the team practiced?
Find the average hours for the students whose tryout decision is no.
What is the average number of hours spent practicing for students who got rejected?
What is the maximum training hours for the students whose training hours is greater than 1000 in different positions?
For each position, what is the maximum number of  hours for students who spent more than 1000 hours training?
Which colleges do the tryout players whose name starts with letter D go to?
Which colleges does each player with a name that starts with the letter D  who tried out go to?
Which college has any student who is a goalie and succeeded in the tryout.
What college has a student who successfully made the team in the role of a goalie?
Find the name of the tryout players who are from the college with largest size.
What are the names of all tryout participants who are from the largest college?
What is the state and enrollment of the colleges where have any students who got accepted in the tryout decision.
How many students are enrolled in colleges that have student accepted during tryouts, and in which states are those colleges?
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment.
What are the names of colleges in LA that have more than 15,000 students and of colleges in AZ with less than 13,000 students?
Find the names of schools that have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
What are the names of all schools that have students trying out for the position of goal and 'mid'-field.
Find the names of states that have some college students playing in goalie and mid positions.
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the positions of goalie and mid-field?
How many schools have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
How many schools have students playing in goalie and mid-field positions?
Find the names of schools that have some players in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What are the names of the schools with some players in the mid position but no goalies?
Find the names of states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What are the names of all the states with college students playing in the mid position but no goalies?
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What is the count of states with college students playing in the mid position but not as goalies?
Find the states where have the colleges whose enrollments are less than the largest size.
What are the states with colleges that have enrollments less than the some other college?
Find names of colleges with enrollment greater than that of some (at least one) college in the FL state.
What are the names of the colleges that are larger than at least one college in Florida?
Find names of all colleges whose enrollment is greater than that of all colleges in the FL state.
What are the names of all colleges with a larger enrollment than the largest college in Florida?
What is the total number of enrollment of schools that do not have any goalie player?
What is the total number of students enrolled in schools without any goalies?
What is the number of states that has some college whose enrollment is larger than the average enrollment?
How many states have a college with more students than average?
What is the number of states that has some colleges whose enrollment is smaller than the average enrollment?
How many states have smaller colleges than average?
