nl_question
What is the text of the tweet that got the most `likes`?
Please list all the cities in Argentina.
Users in which city of Argentina post the most tweets?
Among all the tweets that are reshared, how many of them are posted by a user in Buenos Aires?
Users in which country has posted more numbers of positive tweets, Argentina or Australia?
Among all the tweets posted from Buenos Aires, how many of them were posted on Thursdays?
What is the gender of the user who has posted the tweet that is seen by the most number of unique users?
How many tweets are posted by male users in Argentina?
What is the code of Gwynedd State?
Give the location id of West Sussex State.
Show the text of the tweet with the highest klout from Connecticut.
How many female Twitter users are there from Wisconsin?
What is the gender of the user who tweeted `tw-715909161071091712`?
Give the gender of the user who made the highest klout tweet on Wednesdays.
State the number of tweets from Michigan on Thursdays.
Which state was the tweet `tw-685681052912873473` from? Give the state code.
Is 3751 the location ID for tweet with ID tw-682714048199311366?
What is the gender of the user who posted a tweet with ID tw-682714583044243456?
What gender of users posted the most tweets in `en`?
What gender of users retweet more than 30 times?
Which country's tweets collected the most likes?
Write down the tweet text posted from Rawang, Selangor, Malaysia.
Tweets that were posted from Brazil are in what languague?
State the country where the most positive sentiment tweets were posted.
Please give the user ID of the user who has posted the most tweets.
What is the gender of the user who has posted the tweet that got the most likes?
Among all the tweets with a positive sentiment, how many of them were posted by male users in Australia?
How many more tweets with a positive sentiment than the tweets with a neutral sentiment were posted by male users?
Among the tweets posted from Santa Fe state in Argentina, how many of them were posted on 31st?
Please list the top 3 cities with the most number of tweets posted in Canada.
Please list all the cities from where tweets with neutral sentiments were posted.
Please list the texts of all the tweets that are reshared.
How many tweets are seen by more than 1000 unique users?
Please list the texts of all the tweets posted from Buenos Aires with a positive sentiment.
Please list the texts of all the tweets posted by male users from Buenos Aires.
Give the number of users who do not show their genders.
State the number of states in the United Kingdom.
How many reshared tweets are there in Texas?
State the number of positive tweets from Ha Noi.
Give the name of the city of the user who tweeted `One of our favorite stories is @FINRA_News's move to the cloud with AWS Enterprise Support! https://amp.twimg.com/v/991837f1-4815-4edc-a88f-e68ded09a02a`.
What is the gender of the user whose tweet got 535 retweets?
How many unique users have seen tweet with text `Happy New Year to all those AWS instances of ours!`?
Count the total number of tweet IDs in `en`.
How many tweets have been posted on Wednesday?
List down all of the texts posted on Twitter on Thursday.
Calculate the total number of male tweet IDs.
Calculate the total likes collected by tweets in `ru` posted by male users.
How many tweets have a klout of over 50?
Please list the texts of the top 3 tweets with the most number of unique users seeing the tweet.
What is the total number of tweets sent by male users on Mondays?
What is the average number of likes for a tweet posted by a male user on Mondays?
For the tweet which got a reach number of 547851, which country did it come from?
How many female users reshared their tweets?
How many tweets in French were posted from Australia?
How many tweets are in English?
List down the text of tweets posted by unknown gender users.
Please list the texts of all the tweets that are not in English.
How many reshared tweets have over 100 likes?
From which city was the tweet with the most number of retweets posted?
Among all the tweets sent by male users in Argentina, what is the text of the one with the most number of likes?
Tweets posted from which city has a higher number of average likes, Bangkok or Chiang Mai?
