nl_question
How many clubs are there?
What is the total number of clubs?
List the distinct region of clubs in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the different regions of clubs in ascending alphabetical order?
What is the average number of gold medals for clubs?
What is the average number of gold medals for a club?
What are the types and countries of competitions?
What are the types of every competition and in which countries are they located?
What are the distinct years in which the competitions type is not "Tournament"?
What are the different years for all competitions that are not of type equal to tournament?
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for clubs.
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for all the clubs?
How many clubs have total medals less than 10?
What is the total number of clubs that have less than 10 medals in total?
List all club names in ascending order of start year.
What are the names of all the clubs starting with the oldest?
List all club names in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of all the clubs ordered in descending alphabetical order?
Please show the names and the players of clubs.
What are the names and players of all the clubs?
Show the names of clubs that have players with position "Right Wing".
What are the names of the clubs that have players in the position of "Right Wing"?
What is the average points of players from club with name "AIB".
What is the average number of points for players from the "AIB" club?
List the position of players and the average number of points of players of each position.
For each position, what is the average number of points for players in that position?
List the position of players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20.
What are the positions of players whose average number of points scored by that position is larger than 20?
List the types of competition and the number of competitions of each type.
What are the types of competition and number of competitions for that type?
List the most common type of competition.
What is the most common competition type?
List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type.
What are the types of competition that have most 5 competitions for that type?
List the names of clubs that do not have any players.
What are the names of all clubs that do not have any players?
What are the positions with both players having more than 20 points and less than 10 points.
What are the positions of both players that have more than 20 20 points and less than 10 points?
Show total points of all players.
What is the total number of points for all players?
how many different positions are there?
How many different position for players are listed?
what are the name of players who get more than the average points.
What are the names of all players that got more than the average number of points?
find the number of players whose points are lower than 30 in each position.
What is the number of players who have points less than 30 for each position?
which country did participated in the most number of Tournament competitions?
what is the name of the country that participated in the most tournament competitions?
which countries did participated in both Friendly and Tournament type competitions.
What are the countries that participated in both friendly and tournament type competitions?
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type.
What are the countries that have never participated in any friendly-type competitions?
