nl_question
How many regions do we have?
Count the number of regions.
Show all region code and region name sorted by the codes.
What are the codes and names for all regions, sorted by codes?
List all region names in alphabetical order.
What are the names of the regions in alphabetical order?
Show names for all regions except for Denmark.
Return the names of all regions other than Denmark.
How many storms had death records?
Count the number of storms in which at least 1 person died.
List name, dates active, and number of deaths for all storms with at least 1 death.
What are the names, dates active, and number of deaths for storms that had 1 or more death?
Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000.
What is the average and maximum damage in millions for storms that had a max speed over 1000?
What is the total number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average?
Return the total number of deaths and total damange in millions for storms that had a max speed greater than the average.
List name and damage for all storms in a descending order of max speed.
What are the names and damage in millions for storms, ordered by their max speeds descending?
How many regions are affected?
Count the number of different affected regions.
Show the name for regions not affected.
What are the names of regions that were not affected?
Show the name for regions and the number of storms for each region.
How many storms occured in each region?
List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm.
How many regions were affected by each storm?
What is the storm name and max speed which affected the greatest number of regions?
Return the name and max speed of the storm that affected the most regions.
Show the name of storms which don't have affected region in record.
What are the names of storms that did not affect any regions?
Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected.
What are the names of storms that both affected two or more regions and affected a total of 10 or more cities?
Show all storm names except for those with at least two affected regions.
What are the names of storms that did not affect two or more regions?
What are the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10?
Return the names of the regions affected by storms that had a death count of at least 10.
Show all storm names affecting region "Denmark".
What are the names of the storms that affected Denmark?
Show the region name with at least two storms.
What are the names of regions with two or more storms?
Find the names of the regions which were affected by the storm that killed the greatest number of people.
What are the names of regions that were affected by the storm in which the most people died?
Find the name of the storm that affected both Afghanistan and Albania regions.
What are the names of the storms that affected both the regions of Afghanistan and Albania?
