nl_question
A list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices. List country name and number of invoices.
What are the top 5 countries by number of invoices and how many do they have?
A list of the top 8 countries by gross/total invoice size. List country name and gross invoice size.
What are the names of the top 8 countries by total invoice size and what are those sizes?
A list of the top 10 countries by average invoice size. List country name and average invoice size.
What are the names of the countries and average invoice size of the top countries by size?
Find out 5 customers who most recently purchased something. List customers' first and last name.
What are the first and last names of the 5 customers who purchased something most recently?
Find out the top 10 customers by total number of orders. List customers' first and last name and the number of total orders.
What are the top 10 customers' first and last names by total number of orders and how many orders did they make?
List the top 10 customers by total gross sales. List customers' first and last name and total gross sales.
What are the top 10 customers' first and last names with the highest gross sales, and also what are the sales?
List the top 5 genres by number of tracks. List genres name and total tracks.
How many tracks does each genre have and what are the names of the top 5?
List every album's title.
What are the titles of all the albums?
List every album ordered by album title in ascending order.
What are the titles of all the albums alphabetically ascending?
List every album whose title starts with A in alphabetical order.
What are the titles of all albums that start with A in alphabetical order?
List the customers first and last name of 10 least expensive invoices.
What are the first and last names of the customers with the 10 cheapest invoices?
List total amount of  invoice from Chicago, IL.
What are the total amount of money in the invoices billed from Chicago, Illinois?
List the number of invoices from Chicago, IL.
How many invoices were billed from Chicago, IL?
List the number of invoices from the US, grouped by state.
How many invoices were billed from each state?
List the state in the US with the most invoices.
What are the states with the most invoices?
List the number of invoices and the invoice total from California.
What is the number of invoices and total money billed in them from CA?
List Aerosmith's albums.
What are the titles of all the Aerosmith albums?
How many albums does Billy Cobham has?
How many albums has Billy Cobam released?
Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company?
What is the company where Eduardo Martins is a customer?
What is Astrid Gruber's email and phone number?
What is the email and phone number of Astrid Gruber the customer?
How many customers live in Prague city?
How many customers live in the city of Prague?
How many customers in state of CA?
How many customers are from California?
What country does Roberto Almeida live?
In which country does Roberto Almeida?
List the name of albums that are released by aritist whose name has 'Led'
What is the title of the album that was released by the artist whose name has the phrase 'Led'?
How many customers does Steve Johnson support?
What is the count of customers that Steve Johnson supports?
What is the title, phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards?
What is the title, phone number and hire date for the employee named Nancy Edwards?
find the full name of employees who report to Nancy Edwards?
What is the first and last name of the employee who reports to Nancy Edwards?
What is the address of employee Nancy Edwards?
What is Nancy Edwards's address?
Find the full name of employee who supported the most number of customers.
What is the full name of the employee who has the most customers?
How many employees are living in Canada?
How many employees live in Canada?
What is employee Nancy Edwards's phone number?
What is the the phone number of Nancy Edwards?
Who is the youngest employee in the company? List employee's first and last name.
What si the youngest employee's first and last name?
List top 10 employee work longest in the company. List employee's first and last name.
What are the first and last names of the top 10 longest-serving employees?
Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city?
How many employees who are IT staff are from each city?
Which employee manage most number of peoples? List employee's first and last name, and number of people report to that employee.
What are the first and last names of all the employees and how many people report to them?
How many orders does Lucas Mancini has?
How many orders does Luca Mancini have in his invoices?
What is the total amount of money spent by Lucas Mancini?
How much money did Lucas Mancini spend?
List all media types.
What are the names of all the media types?
List all different genre types.
What are the different names of the genres?
List the name of all playlist.
What are the names of all the playlists?
Who is the composer of track Fast As a Shark?
What is the composer who created the track "Fast As a Shark"?
How long does track Fast As a Shark has?
How many milliseconds long is Fast As a Shark?
What is the name of tracks whose genre is Rock?
What is the name of all tracks in the Rock genre?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belongs to?
What is the name of the album that has the track Ball to the Wall?
List name of all tracks in Balls to the Wall.
What is the name of all tracks in the album named Balls to the Wall?
List title of albums have the number of tracks greater than 10.
What are the names of the albums that have more than 10 tracks?
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock and whose media type is MPEG audio file.
What are the names of all Rock tracks that are stored on MPEG audio files?
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or media type is MPEG audio file.
What are the names of all tracks that belong to the Rock genre and whose media type is MPEG?
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or genre Jazz.
What are the names of the tracks that are Rock or Jazz songs?
List the name of all tracks in the playlists of Movies.
What are the names of all tracks that are on playlists titled Movies?
List the name of playlist which has number of tracks greater than 100.
What are the names of all playlists that have more than 100 tracks?
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters.
What are the tracks that Dean Peeters bought?
How much is the track Fast As a Shark?
What is the unit price of the tune "Fast As a Shark"?
Find the name of tracks which are in Movies playlist but not in music playlist.
What are the names of all tracks that are on the Movies playlist but not in the music playlist?
Find the name of tracks which are in both Movies and music playlists.
What are the names of all the tracks that are in both the Movies and music playlists?
Find number of tracks in each genre?
How many tracks are in each genre?
