nl_question
Find all the distinct district names ordered by city area in descending.
What are the different district names in order of descending city area?
Find the list of page size which have more than 3 product listed
What is the maximum page size for everything that has more than 3 products listed?
Find the name and population of district with population between 200000 and 2000000
What are the district names and city populations for all districts that between 200,000 and 2,000,000 residents?
Find the name all districts with city area greater than 10 or population larger than 100000
What are the names of all districts with a city area greater than 10 or have more than 100000 people living there?
Which district has the largest population?
What is the name of the district with the most residents?
Which district has the least area?
What is the name of the district with the smallest area?
Find the total population of the top 3 districts with the largest area.
What is the total number of residents for the districts with the 3 largest areas?
Find all types of store and number of them.
For each type of store, how many of them are there?
Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District.
What are the names of all the stores located in Khanewal District?
Find all the stores in the district with the most population.
What are the names of all the stores in the largest district by population?
Which city is the headquarter of the store named "Blackville" in?
What city is the headquarter of the store Blackville?
Find the number of stores in each city.
How many stores are headquarted in each city?
Find the city with the most number of stores.
What is the city with the most number of flagship stores?
What is the average pages per minute color?
What is the average number of pages per minute color?
What products are available at store named "Miramichi"?
What products are sold at the store named Miramichi?
Find products with max page size as "A4" and pages per minute color smaller than 5.
What are the products with the maximum page size A4 that also have a pages per minute color smaller than 5?
Find products with max page size as "A4" or pages per minute color smaller than 5.
What are the products with the maximum page size eqal to A4 or a pages per minute color less than 5?
Find all the product whose name contains the word "Scanner".
What are all of the products whose name includes the substring "Scanner"?
Find the most prominent max page size among all the products.
What is the most common maximum page size?
Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
What are the names of all products that are not the most frequently-used maximum page size?
Find the total population of the districts where the area is bigger than the average city area.
What is the total population for all the districts that have an area larger tahn the average city area?
Find the names of districts where have both city mall and village store type stores.
What are the names of the districts that have both mall and village store style shops?
