nl_question
Find the number of students in total.
How many students are there?
Find the last names of students studying in room 111.
What are the last names of students in room 111?
Find the first names of students studying in room 108.
What are the first names of students in room 108?
What are the first names of students studying in room 107?
List the first names of all the students in room 107.
For each classroom report the grade that is taught in it. Report just the classroom number and the grade number.
What are the grade number and classroom number of each class in the list?
Which grade is studying in classroom 103?
Find the grade taught in classroom 103.
Find the grade studying in room 105.
Which grade is studying in room 105?
Which classrooms are used by grade 4?
Find the classrooms in which grade 4 is studying.
Which classrooms are used by grade 5?
Show me the classrooms grade 5 is using.
Find the last names of the teachers that teach fifth grade.
what are the last names of the teachers who teach grade 5?
Find the first names of the teachers that teach first grade.
What are the first names of the teachers who teach grade 1?
Find the first names of all the teachers that teach in classroom 110.
Which teachers teach in classroom 110? Give me their first names.
Find the last names of teachers teaching in classroom 109.
Which teachers teach in classroom 109? Give me their last names.
Report the first name and last name of all the teachers.
What are the first name and last name of all the teachers?
Report the first name and last name of all the students.
Show each student's first name and last name.
Find all students taught by OTHA MOYER. Output the first and last names of the students.
Which students study under the teacher named OTHA MOYER? Give me the first and last names of the students.
Find all students taught by MARROTTE KIRK. Output first and last names of students.
Which are the first and last names of the students taught by MARROTTE KIRK?
Find the first and last name of all the teachers that teach EVELINA BROMLEY.
Which teachers teach the student named EVELINA BROMLEY? Give me the first and last name  of the teachers.
Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI.
What are the last names of the teachers who teach the student called GELL TAMI?
How many students does LORIA ONDERSMA teaches?
Count the number of students the teacher LORIA ONDERSMA teaches.
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches?
Find the number of students taught by the teacher KAWA GORDON.
Find the number of students taught by TARRING LEIA.
How many students are taught by teacher TARRING LEIA?
How many teachers does the student named CHRISSY NABOZNY have?
Find the number of teachers who teach the student called CHRISSY NABOZNY.
How many teachers does the student named MADLOCK RAY have?
Find the number of teachers who teach the student called MADLOCK RAY.
Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER. Report their first and last names.
What are the first and last names of the first-grade students who are NOT taught by teacher OTHA MOYER?
Find the last names of the students in third grade that are not taught by COVIN JEROME.
Which students in third grade are not taught by teacher COVIN JEROME? Give me the last names of the students.
For each grade, report the grade, the number of classrooms in which it is taught and the total number of students in the grade.
For each grade, return the grade number, the number of classrooms used for the grade, and the total number of students enrolled in the grade.
For each classroom, report the classroom number and the number of grades using it.
For each classroom, show the classroom number and count the number of distinct grades that use the room.
Which classroom has the most students?
Find the classroom that the most students use.
Report the number of students in each classroom.
For each classroom, show the classroom number and find how many students are using it.
For each grade 0 classroom, report the total number of students.
For each grade 0 classroom, return the classroom number and the count of students.
Report the total number of students for each fourth-grade classroom.
For each fourth-grade classroom, show the classroom number and the total number of students using it.
Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students.
Which teacher teaches the most students? Give me the first name and last name of the teacher.
Find the number of students in one classroom.
How many students does one classroom have?
