nl_question
which course has most number of registered students?
What is the name of the course with the most registered students?
what is id of students who registered some courses but the least number of courses in these students?
What are the ids of the students who registered for some courses but had the least number of courses for all students?
what are the first name and last name of all candidates?
What are the first and last names of all the candidates?
List the id of students who never attends courses?
What are the  ids of every student who has never attended a course?
List the id of students who attended some courses?
What are the ids of all students who have attended at least one course?
What are the ids of all students for courses and what are the names of those courses?
What is detail of the student who most recently registered course?
What details do we have on the students who registered for courses most recently?
How many students attend course English?
How many students are attending English courses?
How many courses do the student whose id is 171 attend?
How many courses does the student with id 171 actually attend?
Find id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
What is the id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
Find id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
What is the id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
What is detail of the student who registered the most number of courses?
What are the details of the student who registered for the most number of courses?
List the id of students who registered some courses and the number of their registered courses?
For every student who is registered for some course, how many courses are they registered for?
How many registed students do each course have? List course name and the number of their registered students?
For each course id, how many students are registered and what are the course names?
Find id of candidates whose assessment code is "Pass"?
What are the ids of the candidates that have an outcome code of Pass?
Find the cell mobile number of the candidates whose assessment code is "Fail"?
What are the cell phone numbers of the candidates that received an assessment code of "Fail"?
What are the id of students who registered course 301?
What are the ids of the students who registered for course 301?
What is the id of the student who most recently registered course 301?
What are the ids of the students who registered for course 301 most recently?
Find distinct cities of addresses of people?
What are the different cities where people live?
Find distinct cities of address of students?
What are the different cities where students live?
List the names of courses in alphabetical order?
What are the names of the courses in alphabetical order?
List the first names of people in alphabetical order?
What are the first names of the people in alphabetical order?
What are the id of students who registered courses or attended courses?
What are the ids of the students who either registered or attended a course?
Find the id of courses which are registered or attended by student whose id is 121?
What are the ids of the courses that are registered or attended by the student whose id is 121?
What are all info of students who registered courses but not attended courses?
What are all details of the students who registered but did not attend any course?
List the id of students who registered course statistics in the order of registration date.
What are the ids of the students who registered course statistics by order of registration date?
List the id of students who attended  statistics courses in the order of attendance date.
What are the ids of the students who attended courses in the statistics department in order of attendance date.
