nl_question
What are the top five states in descending order in terms of revenue provided to school districts?
What are the top five states in descending order in terms of the number of school districts per state?
For each state, when was the last time the average score data was collected?
How much federal funding did Faifaix County, VA schools receive in all forms?
How much did the federal government spend in No Child Left Behind funding in 2017?
How many Wisconsin school districts receive federal funding?
Which state performs best on the NAEP 8th grade math test?
Which federally-funded state performs worst on the NAEP math exam for eighth graders?
What is the average NAEP math score for all eighth graders in federally-funded states?
Which school district receive the most of federal revenue through state in Wisconsin?
What is the average Title 1 fund in Virginia?
What are the top 10 states that have the highest average math score and federal revenue they got through different categories?
What are the schools with highest federal revenue in each federal revenue categories and what's their state average scores?
School with highest ratio of total revenue and average scores
Which state spent the most revenue towards schools and whats the state average score
School with lowest ratio of total revenue and average scores
Which state spent the least revenue towards schools and whats the state average score
What is the average match score of CA?
How many unique school districts in Indiana?
What is the state code of VA?
Which state get the highest revenue?
How much funding does Colorado schools receive from Title 1 and the Child Nutrition program respectively?
How much federal funding does Pecatonia Area School district get?
What are the student scores on the NAEP math exam for 8th graders in North Carolina and South Carolina?
What are the averge score of students in NC and in NY?
How many schools get higher revenue via Child Nutrition A than revenue via child left school behind act?
