nl_question
Among the students that have been absent from school for more than 5 months, how many of them are male?
Among the students from the navy department, how many of them have payment due?
How many female students are disabled?
How many disabled students have never been absent from school?
Please list the departments the students are absent from school for 9 months are in.
Which department has the most disabled students?
Please list all the female students that have filed for bankruptcy.
What is the percentage of male students in the navy department?
Does student348 have a due payment?
Is student281 disabled and which school is the student enrolled in?
Name 5 students with due payments that are enlisted alongside which organization they were enlisted.
Name all disabled students that are enrolled in SMC.
How many male students have no due payments?
Which students that are in the marines have been absent for 6 months?
Count the number of students from UCSD enlisted in the peace corps.
What is the percentage ratio of students who are enlisted in foreign legions that have a due payment?
List out student IDs that have the longest absence duration from school.
What is the longest students absence duration from school?
How many students were absence for 4 month?
Does disable students join organization. If yes, please indicate the organization joined by the students.
What is the employment, disability, gender and school debt status for student180 and student117?
How many female students are not joining any of the organization?
Mention the name of disabled students who have never been absent from school.
How many unemployed students are enlisted in the navy organization?
Count the number of male students who belong to foreign legion.
List out the number of female students who enlisted in the air force.
State the unemployed students who enlisted in marines.
State name of unemployed students who have the longest duration of absense from school.
Mention the name of unemployed students who have never been absent from school.
How many disabled students have been absent for 3 months from school?
State name of students who filed for bankruptcy and have the longest duration of absense from school.
What is the gender of student1000?
Which students have absents the most?
Which school has the highest number of disabled students?
List all the organisations of students who filed for bankcrupcy.
How many SMC's students that absent for 7 months?
Find the percentage of male students enlisted in the fire department.
How many male stuents do not have payment due?
How many students are enlisted in the Peace Corps organization are enrolled in UCSD school?
Among the unemployed students, how many of them have no payment due?
How many female students have no payment due?
How many female students are enlisted in the Navy organization?
List at least 5 students who have payment due and are enlisted in Peace Corps organization?
How many disabled students are female?
Calculate the percentage of students who have never been absent.
What is the ratio of students who have payment due and those who do not have payment due?
Provide the students' names and schools who enrolled for 15 months.
Among all students, calculate the percentage of disabled students.
Among students who have been absent for nine months, how many of them are disabled?
List down the student names who did not file for bankruptcy.
Calculate the number of students who are not disabled.
Define the gender of "student995" and his/her enrolled schools.
Among the students with disabilities, list any five students' names who are unemployed.
Among the students with payment due, how many of them are unemployed?
Calculate the percentage of female students.
Which school have the highest student enrollment? How many of those students are filed for bankruptcy?
List out students that enrolled in occ school and enlisted in a fire department.
Which male students are unemployed, disable and were absent for 5 month?
List out female students that enrolled in occ school and ulca?
What is the school and organization enrolled by student211?
What is the average absent month for a unemployed male students?
Calculate the ratio of unemployed students who have never been absent from school.
State the number of male students who do not have payment due.
State the number of students who filed for bankruptcy and have payment due.
State the number of disabled students who have payment due.
State name of students who have been absent for 5 months from school and do not have payment due.
Give the number of students who enlisted in marines and have payment due.
Count the number of female students who belong to marines organization.
Calculate the average duration of absense of female students.
How many disabled students have payment due?
Among the students that filed for bankruptcy, how many of them have been enrolled in OCC?
How many disabled students are male?
List the names of disabled students enlisted in the navy.
Among all students, calculate the percentage of male students.
Provide the name of disabled male students that are unemployed.
How many male students are enrolled at OCC?
Among the students enrolled in UCLA, what is the percentage of male students in the air force department?
Calculate the average number of disabled female students enrolled in UCI.
What is the name of the student with the longest duration of absence?
What is the name of the organization which most of the students are enlisted in?
Among the students that have a payment due, how many students are unemployed?
How many female students have enlisted for the Army?
List the names of the disabled students who were absent from school for more than 5 months.
How many bankrupt students are there in the Marines?
Among the students who filed for bankruptcy, how many students are disabled?
How many months did a student in the Air Force miss school the most?
Among the students who filed for bankruptcy with an absence in school of no more than 6 months, how many students enlisted for the fire department?
For the students who have been absent from school for the longest time, how many months have they been absent?
How many students belong to the navy department?
What is the longest time for a student from the navy department to be absent from school?
What is the average time for a disabled student to be absent from school?
Name all students enlisted in the foreign legion.
What percentage of students who enlisted in the navy make up the number of students enrolled in OCC?
How many unemployed and bankrupt students that have payment dues?
Please check if student 124 is disabled male.
How many female students joined a marines and air force organization?
What is the average of absence for an employed students?
What is the average absence period of a disabled student?
How many students enlisted in the fire-department?
State the number of students do not have payment due.
Give the number of students who have payment due.
Calculate the average duration of absense of disabled students.
What is the percentage of unemployed students who have been absent for 5 months from school?
How many unemployed disabled students have been absent for 8 months from school?
Among the students enlisted in marines, how many of them are disabled?
How many unemployed students still have payment due?
List all the disabled female students.
Calculate the ratio between unemployed students and disabled students.
How many students are enlisted in the Army organization?
How many students are enrolled in UCLA school?
How many students are enlisted in the Navy organization?
How many unemployed students have never been absent?
List at least 10 students who have no payment due and are enlisted in Fire Department organization.
How many unemployed students have payment due?
Calculate the ratio in percentage between the average number of female and male students who joined Fire Department organization.
How many students enlisted in the navy?
How many unemployed students filed for bankruptcy?
List any ten male students who enlisted for foreign legion.
How many students are enrolled in smc during month 1?
List out student names that enrolled in two schools and two organizations?
How many students is disabled and unemployed at the same time?
How many male students filed for bankruptcy as compare to female students?
List out the number of disabled students who enlisted in marines.
List out the number of students who have the longest duration of absense from school and enlisted in the peace corps.
How many students in the Air Force?
How many students have been absent less than 4 months?
State name of female students who filed for bankruptcy.
How many students have absent from school?
Among the male students, list down the names of students with payment due.
Among students with 1 month of absenses, how many of them are enlisted in the air force department?
What are the names of the students who joined the Marines?
How many students enlisted in the Navy?
Which organization has the least number of male students?
Among the students that have filed for bankruptcy, how many of them have been absent from school for over 5 months?
How many months has student217 been absent?
Which organization did student285 enlist?
List all students in the air force and which school they were enrolled at.
What is the total number of students in the school?
What is the number of unemployed and bankrupt students?
What is the average absence period of a student?
How many students have been absent above 2 months?
Mention the name of students who filed for bankruptcy and have never been absent from school.
How many students have been absents for more than 6 months?
How many students has the longest absense from school for 5 months?
Calculate the average enlisted students per organization.
List any five female students' names who enlisted for the air force.
How many students are filed for bankruptcy?
What is the organization enlisted by student168?
What is the percentage difference between the attendence of disabled and non-disable students? Do the disable students show better attendance than non-disable students?
What is the status of payment of student 124?
Mention the status of payment of student 299.
How many students have never been absent in school?
How many disabled students have zero absences?
How many employed disabled students have zero absences?
How many students are disabled?
How many students are enlisted in the army?
How many male students join more than one organization?
How many unemployed students are enlisted in the Army organization?
Calculate the average number of female students who are disabled and who joined Foreign Legion organization.
List down the enrolled schools and duration of student214.
How many disabled male students joined an organization?
List out the number of students who filed for bankruptcy and enlisted in navy.
