nl_question
what are all the addresses including line 1 and line 2?
What is the first and second line for all addresses?
How many courses in total are listed?
How many courses are there?
How is the math course described?
What are the descriptions for all the math courses?
What is the zip code of the address in the city Port Chelsea?
What is the zip code for Port Chelsea?
Which department offers the most number of degrees? List department name and id.
What is the name and id of the department with the most number of degrees ?
How many departments offer any degree?
How many different departments offer degrees?
How many different degree names are offered?
How many different degrees are offered?
How many degrees does the engineering department offer?
How many degrees does the engineering department have?
What are the names and descriptions of all the sections?
What are the names and descriptions for all the sections?
What are the names and id of courses having at most 2 sections?
What are the names and ids of every course with less than 2 sections?
List the section_name in reversed lexicographical order.
What are the names of the sections in reverse alphabetical order?
What is the semester which most student registered in? Show both the name and the id.
For each semester, what is the name and id of the one with the most students registered?
What is the description of the department whose name has the substring the computer?
What is the department description for the one whose name has the word computer?
Who are enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester? List the first name, middle name and last name and the id.
What are the first, middle, and last names, along with the ids, of all students who enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester?
Who is enrolled in a Bachelor degree program? List the first name, middle name, last name.
What are the first, middle, and last names for everybody enrolled in a Bachelors program?
Find the kind of program which most number of students are enrolled in?
What is the degree summary name that has the most number of students enrolled?
Find the program which most number of students are enrolled in. List both the id and the summary.
What is the program id and the summary of the degree that has the most students enrolled?
Which student has enrolled for the most times in any program? List the id, first name, middle name, last name, the number of enrollments and student id.
What is the first, middle, and last name, along with the id and number of enrollments, for the student who enrolled the most in any program?
Which semesters do not have any student enrolled? List the semester name.
What is the name of the semester with no students enrolled?
What are all the course names of the courses which ever have students enrolled in?
What are the names of all courses that have some students enrolled?
What's the name of the course with most number of enrollments?
What is the name of the course with the most students enrolled?
Find the last name of the students who currently live in the state of North Carolina but have not registered in any degree program.
What are the last name of the students who live in North Carolina but have not registered in any degree programs?
Show the date and id of the transcript with at least 2 course results.
What is the date and id of the transcript with at least 2 courses listed?
What is the phone number of the man with the first name Timmothy and the last name Ward?
What is the mobile phone number of the student named Timmothy Ward ?
Who is the first student to register? List the first name, middle name and last name.
What is the first, middle, and last name of the first student to register?
Who is the earliest graduate of the school? List the first name, middle name and last name.
What is the first, middle, and last name of the earliest school graduate?
Whose permanent address is different from his or her current address? List his or her first name.
What is the first name of the student whose permanent address is different from his or her current one?
Which address holds the most number of students currently? List the address id and all lines.
What is the id, line 1, and line 2 of the address with the most students?
On average, when were the transcripts printed?
What is the average transcript date?
When is the first transcript released? List the date and details.
What is the earliest date of a transcript release, and what details can you tell me?
How many transcripts are released?
How many transcripts are listed?
What is the last transcript release date?
When was the last transcript released?
How many times at most can a course enrollment result show in different transcripts? Also show the course enrollment id.
What is the maximum number of times that a course shows up in different transcripts and what is that course's enrollment id?
Show the date of the transcript which shows the least number of results, also list the id.
What is the date and id of the transcript with the least number of results?
Find the semester when both Master students and Bachelor students got enrolled in.
What is the id of the semester that had both Masters and Bachelors students enrolled?
How many different addresses do the students currently live?
What are the different addresses that have students living there?
List all the student details in reversed lexicographical order.
What other details can you tell me about students in reverse alphabetical order?
Describe the section h.
What is the description for the section named h?
Find the first name of the students who permanently live in the country Haiti or have the cell phone number 09700166582 .
What are the first names of the students who live in Haiti permanently or have the cell phone number 09700166582 ?
