nl_question
Among all the orders made by Aimee Bixby, what was the longest shipment time?
How many orders has Aimee Bixby made?
Among the orders made by Aimee Bixby, how many of them included at least one kind of product under the category "Furniture"?
Please list the names of all the products ordered by Aimee Bixby in 2016.
Please list the names of all the customers who had ordered the product "Telescoping Adjustable Floor Lamp".
Who is the customer who purchased the largest total cost of products in a single order?
What is the name of the product that has the highest original price?
What are the names of the products that were ordered by Alejandro Grove?
How many customers in Chicago ordered at least 10 Cardinal EasyOpen D-Ring Binders in a single order?
List the products ordered by Becky Martin around the Central region.
List 5 customers in the West region who had their item shipped 'Second Class.'
What is the total sales of 'Avery Hi-Liter EverBold Pen Style Fluorescent Highlighters, 4/Pack' in the Central region?
Name the item ordered by Jonathan Doherty with the highest quantity in the East region.
Which customer ordered 'Global High-Back Leather Tilter, Burgundy' on 10/13/2013 in the East region?
What category does the item ordered by Katherine Murray on 11/4/2018 in the South region belong to?
Give the customer segment from the West region that orders the order ID CA-2011-108189.
Provide the order ID of Frank Olsen of the South region.
What product was ordered in the Central region on April 26, 2018, and shipped by April 27, 2018?
Who is the customer from the East region that purchased the order with the highest profit?
Among the customers from Chicago, Illinois, what is the highest quantity of products bought in a single order?
List down the customers that purchased the product named Xerox 23 in the South region.
Among the products under the office supplies category, what is the product that made the highest sales in the Central region?
Provide the names of the products with a profit greater than 98% of the average profit of all products in the East region.
Name the customers from the Eastern region whose orders cost above 80000.
How many orders were made by Maxwell Schwartz in 2015?
Who ordered the Bush Mission Pointe Library in the Central Region?
List the products that were ordered by Anne McFarland from the Western store.
List the products ordered by customers in Coachella.
List the products ordered by Matt Abelman from the Western store in 2013.
Provide the names, cities, and countries of the customers who ordered the Plantronics single ear headset.
Provide the shipping dates and products of the orders by Gene Hale.
How many orders in the south superstore with the fastest delivery are items of furniture?
List the name of all products in the west superstore that customers chose for same-day shipment in the year 2013.
What is the total quantity that Cindy Stewart order "Lexmark X 9575 Professional All-in-One Color Printer" in the south superstore?
List the name of all the products with order quantities greater than or equal to 10 in the central superstore that has been shipped by the slowest delivery method.
What is the total sales of furniture products in the east superstore in the year 2016.
What is the ratio between customers who live in Texas and customers who live in Indiana?
Among the customers in South superstore, which customers ordered more than 3 times in 2015? State the name of the customers.
State the highest profit made by Anna Chung's orders in the Central Superstore.
What are the names of the ordered products that have profit deficiency in central superstore?
How many orders of O'Sullivan Plantations 2-Door Library in Landvery Oak in central superstore were shipped through the shipping mode with the fastest delivery speed?
In which segment does the customer who purchased the product from the east superstore with the highest original price belong?
How many orders with a quantity greater than 5 have been shipped by the fastest delivery method?
Please list any three orders that caused a loss to the company.
Which product did Phillina Ober buy?
Who was the customer in the South Region superstore who bought the most “Hon Multipurpose Stacking Arm Chairs"?
What is the name of the product that Aimee Bixby bought?
What is the highest profit order in the East superstore of customers from Houston, Texas?
How many orders were made by customers who live in Texas at the Central superstore?
List the product's name bought by the customer named Bill Shonely from the Central region.
Please give the name of customers from the West region that bought exactly 8 items in their purchase.
Who ordered the order ID CA-2011-118976 from the East region?
Provide the product's name of the product with the highest sales in the South region.
What is the product's name in the highest quantity in a single purchase?
List the customer's name from the South region with a standard class ship mode and sales greater than the 88% of the average sales of all orders.
Please list the names of all the products ordered in order CA-2011-112326 in superstores in the center.
Add the total profit of Patrick Gardner in the Central region.
What are the order date and product name of the order ID CA-2011-137274 from the Central region?
Calculate the total cost of the orders by Brad Thomas in 2016.
What is the name of the corporate customer from Rhode Island who had the highest number of orders in 2016 from the east superstore?
What is the shipment duration for order number CA-2011-134103?
What are the names of the products that had been shipped in March 2013 at central superstore?
Who order from the west region on August 12, 2013, and received a discount of 0.2?
What is the order ID of the security-Tint Envelopes product ordered on June 3, 2013, in the Central region?
List down the sales, profit, and subcategories of the product ordered in the order ID US-2011-126571 in the East region.
Among the customers from Indiana, what is the percentage of their purchased orders in the Central region with no discount?
For how many times has Aimee Bixby ordered the product Xerox 1952?
What was the original price of Xerox 1952 ordered by Aimee Bixby on 2014/9/10?
How many art products were ordered in 2013 in the east superstore?
Which item was shipped on 3/4/2013 and scheduled for same day delivery in the South region?
What is the ship date of the order by the customer named Ann Chong in the central region?
What product category got the least sales in the west superstore?
What is the profit from selling the "O'Sullivan Living Dimensions 2-Shelf Bookcases"?
How many orders were made by Alan Barnes in 2015 at the Central superstore?
Who is the customer with an order shipped on March 5, 2013, in the eastern region?
Among the orders from 2016 in the Central region, what is the product with the lowest profit?
What was the total cost of Xerox 1952 ordered by Aimee Bixby on 2014/9/10?
How many quantities of Advantus plastic paper clips were ordered overall?
What are the total sales of the accumulated orders of Hon Valutask Swivel Chairs in the West region?
What product category that Sam Craven ordered from the central and east superstore?
Indicate the profit of product Sauder Camden County Barrister Bookcase, Planked Cherry Finish.
What is the percentage of orders with 0.2 discount in the Central superstore were purchased by customers who live in Texas?
