nl_question
According to the observation on 2008/3/11, what was the height of Elly Koss?
During all the observations of Elly Koss, what was the highest Systolic Blood Pressure observed?
For how many times had Elly Koss have her Systolic Blood Pressure observed?
For how long was Elly Koss required to take Acetaminophen?
Please list all the medication that are prescribed to Elly Koss.
Why did Elly Koss need to take Acetaminophen?
What medication did Elly Koss take when she had Streptococcal sore throat?
What was the condition of Elly Koss on 2009/1/8?
For how long did Elly Koss's cystitis last?
According to all the observations of Elly Koss, what was her average weight?
Give the body height status of Mr. Vincent Wyman on 2010/8/2.
How many care plans has Mrs. Norman Berge taken?
Why did Mrs. Annabelle Pouros take leucovorin 100 mg injection on 1970/12/19? State the reason.
Give the procedure description of Ms. Jacquelyn Shanahan on 2009/8/9.
Give the number of claims did Ms. Abbie Cole have in the year of 2011.
How many allergies does Mrs. Saundra Monahan have?
Describe the encounter of Mr. Hubert Baumbach on 2008/10/25.
What kind of condition did Keven Kuhn have from 2016/9/24 to 2016/10/10? Describe the condition.
When did Mrs. Ira Deckow have the standard pregnancy test?
What is the most common allergy among patients?
What is the most common condition among the female Americans?
Among the patients that started taking Ibuprofen 200mg Oral Tablet in 2016, how many Dominican patients stopped taking the medicine after exactly one month?
How many of the patients born in 1920s had pneumonia?
How many Black patients were immunized with DTaP in 2013?
How many conditions did Tyree Eichmann have?
Among the patients with prediabetes, how many are female?
Indicate the patient's full name with the lowest body mass index in kg/m2.
What is the age of the patient with hypertension named Giovanni Russel?
Count all of the living patients that had a stroke.
Among the patients with hypertension, what is the average of their diastolic blood pressure?
What is the medicine prescribed for the patient with social security number 999-94-3751?
Give the social security number of the female Irish patient allergic to grass pollen.
What is the glucose level of the patient that lives at 365 Della Crossroad Suite 202, Deerfield, MA 01342 US?
List the procedures received by Emmy Waelchi.
Provide the patients' full names who received the extraction of wisdom tooth.
Provide the body weight of Elly Koss in every observation.
How many times did Keven Kuhn receive DTaP immunization?
Among observations in 2011, provide the names and ages of patients whose Systolic Blood Pressures are 200mmHg.
How many stroke patients have married?
List down the last name of patients who are allergic to dairy products.
List down the encounter descriptions of patients who were born in Pittsfield MA US.
How many patients with 'allergy to eggs' have been immunized with 'Td (adult) preservative free'?
How many patients with a body weight of more than 100 kg have a 'diabetes self-management plan' care plan?
What gender is more prone to 'dander (animal) allergy'?
On what dates did the billable period begin for patients with the last name Dickinson?
How many women need to take 'Nitroglycerin 0.4 MG/ACTUAT [Nitrolingual]'?
What is the average body weight of Asian patients?
How many times was Elly Koss given a care plan between 1/11/2009 and 10/23/2010?
How long did Berry Keebler take the Acetaminophen 160 MG when he was admitted due to acute bronchitis?
In 2010, how many single patients took Nitrofurantoin 5 mg/ML [Furadantin] to cure cystitis?
Tell me the reason for Lavelle Vandervort's encounter on 11/20/2013?
From 1/9/2011 to 8/29/2012, how many German patients have their outpatient encounters?
How many types of medication have been prescribed to Mr. Major D'Amore since his visit to the hospital?
List out all the observation information collected for the patient named Bella Rolfson.
How many mothers have taken immunization during prenatal visit?
How many male patients are diagnosed with hypertension as compared to female patients?
How many unmarried women were checked for normal pregnancy?
What is the average body mass index for patients with higher total cholesterol?
Name the reason Walter Bahringer visited medical professionals in July 2009.
How old was Mr. Stacy Morar at the time of his first emergency room admission due to a drug overdose?
What drug is administered more often to treat child attention deficit disorder?
Indicate the time frame and details of the most recent care plan suggested to Jacquelyn Shanahan.
Identify the allergy period for Isadora Moen and what triggered it.
How old was Mrs. Laronda Bernier at the time of her most recent medical encounter?
What condition forced Mrs. Joye Homenick to seek medical attention in 2017?
How long did Elly Koss have to take Acetaminophen 160 MG?
State description of medication taken by Joe Homenick.
What is the start date of the care plan of the patient whose maiden name is Adams?
Among the male patients, who has the earliest starting date of the care plan?
Mention the description of the care plan of American patients.
List out the start date of the care plan of alive patients.
How many white patients have the reason code of 10509002?
List out full name of patients who have "Diabetic diet" in the description of the care plan.
How many Italian patients have the care plan code of 304510005?
Provide the full names of patients who have been taking Penicillin V Potassium 250 MG since 1948.
How many white patients whose birth year is 1935 have a stroke?
List the patient ids whose disease has the most occurrences.
List all the full names of patients with a condition described as cystitis.
Indicate the start date of patient Walter Bahringer's care plan.
Describe the care plans of patient Major D'Amore's plan of care.
Among the white patients, what is the average body height of the patients?
Indicate the care plan needed for the patient living at 179 Sydni Roads, Taunton, MA 02780 US.
Provide the social security number of the patient with the highest systolic blood pressure.
What is the care plan for the patient with social security number 999-15-3685?
Who is the patient with a body weight of 61.97 kg?
What is the difference between the number of married patients and the number of single patients with diabetes?
The highest Systolic Blood Pressure was observed in which patient? Please give his or her full name.
Please give the full names of all the patients who had been prescribed with Acetaminophen.
State the prevalence rate of condition no. 368581000119106.
Provide the name of the patient who had a claim on 1947/9/11.
Calculate the average period of Mr. Wesley Lemke's care plans.
State the average period of Ms. Angelena Kertzmann's several normal pregnancies.
How many patients are allergic to eggs?
What is the id of the patient whose hypertension started most recently?
What is/are the ids of the tallest patient/s?
What are the full names of the patients who started taking Yaz 28 Day Pack in 2011?
List the ids of all the patients with condition that has a prevalence percentage of 18.8%.
How many Asian female patients take oxaliplatin 5 MG/ML [Eloxatin]?
Name the patients who had an allergy to soy.
Which procedures and medications were received by the patient with the third-degree burn?
Provide medications received by patients with an allergy to mould on 6th June 2016.
Describe the care plans received by the patient with secondary malignant neoplasm of the colon.
What is the prevalence rate of the patients' diseases started on 9th May 2014?
Among the immunizations in 2017, calculate the percentage of patients who received the Influenza seasonal injectable preservative free. Among them, how many patients are English?
What are the birth date of patients who took outpatient encounter care plan?
How many of the patients who have stopped taking medication for 'coronary heart disease' are still alive?
How many of the patients who underwent a 'bone immobilization' procedure have a driver's license?
How many patients of Irish ethnicity take medication for 'myocardial infarction'?
Write down the Social Security numbers of patients who have latex allergies.
Please provide the dates on which Elly Koss was immunized with the influenza seasonal injectable preservative-free vaccine.
From 7/9/2010 to 10/29/2013, how many black patients were immunized with the meningococcal MCV4P vaccine?
Give me the reason, name of the drug, and duration of medication under encounter ID 23c293ec-dbae-4a22-896e-f12cf3c8bac3. Tell me if the patient is still alive.
How many patients with shellfish allergies died when they were under 12 years old? Please give their full names.
List out patient names with calcium deficiency.
Please include the full name of the patient who received a lung transplant.
When did Mrs. Joye Homenick receive her most recent influenza seasonal vaccine?
What are the medical encounter ids of patients who were born in Pembroke MA US?
What is the percentage of female patients who started the care plan in 2010?
List the full names of patients with nut allergy.
Describe the condition of patient Wilmer Koepp.
Among the patients with viral sinusitis condition, which patient's gender is most affected? Provide the number for each respectively.
Which conditions the patient has when receiving the IPV immunization?
List 5 patients' name that need medication due to streptococcal sore throat disorder.
Among the male patients, list down 5 birth dates of patients taking the medication "Penicillin V Potassium 250 MG".
List down the full name of Irish patients diagnosed with the prevalent diseases that have an occurrence greater than the 96% of the average occurrences of all conditions.
By how much did Elly Koss's weight increase from the observation in 2008 to the observation in 2009?
How many patients have diabetes that started in 1988?
Among the patients that died, what is the condition of the oldest patient?
List down the address of patients who have billable period in 2010.
Calculate the average age of patients with prediabetes care plan.
What is the care plan, procedure, medication and the patient's full name for encounter 6f2e3935-b203-493e-a9c0-f23e847b9798?
Among all patients who sought medical attention in 2010 due to contact dermatitis, identify the percentage of females.
How many interactions did Lorri Simons have with medical professionals between 2010 and 2017? What percentage of encounters are attributed to prenatal visits?
List out the stop date of the care plan of dead patients.
Provide the allergen of the Dominican patient named Dirk Languish.
How many patients who are allergic to peanuts have asthma?
What is the code of the prevalent disease with the highest occurrences?
Among the patients with acute bronchitis, what is the percentage of Asian women?
Who had to take Clopidogrel 75 MG Oral Tablet for over 10 years?
State the description of the reason why Angelo Buckridge needs the care plan.
Who is the 44-year-old patient diagnosed with drug overdose?
