nl_question
What is the device id of the oldest user?
What is the gender of the youngest user?
What is the model of the oldest user's device?
How many users are there in the Home Decoration category?
How many female users use ZenFone 5 devices?
What are the categories of the top 2 oldest events?
How many users belong to the MOBA category?
Describe the device user gender and age of the event ID of 15251.
How many events did the 88-years-old male users participate on 4th May,2016?
Describe the ages, genders and numbers of events participated by the users at coordinates of (-102,38).
Provide the phone brands and models of the users who were at the coordinates of (80,44).
List the included categories in the event ID of 155.
Please list the ages of all the users who use a Galaxy Note 2.
What is the device model of the device used by the oldest user?
Please list the categories of the app users who are not active when event no.2 happened.
Among all the times event no.2 happened when the app user was not active, when was the earliest time this situation happened?
Please list the IDs of the events happened on all the vivo devices.
Among the users who uses a vivo device, how many of them are female and under 30?
What is the age of the youngest female user of the app?
How many models does the VIVO phone brand released?
List at least 15 phone models released under the OPPO brand.
Provide the total number of the male users that use OPPO as their phone brand.
How many male users use the Galaxy Ace Plus model?
List at least 5 device models that are commonly used by female users.
Give the number of "game-Fishing" apps.
Give the number of female users of "E派" brand devices.
What is the ID of the device used by the youngest user?
Please list the app IDs of all the users in the Securities category.
Among the app users who were not active when event no.2 happened, how many of them belong to the category Property Industry 1.0?
How many categories in total do the app users who were not active when event no.2 happened belong to?
List down the app IDs under the category of game-Rowing .
Which phone brand and model was used for event ID "6701"?
How many users who are under 30 years old use device model of Galaxy Note 2?
How many female users use device model of MI 3?
Among the users who are above 20, how many users use device model of ELIFE E7 Mini?
Give the number of male users who use phone branded HTC.
How many users who are between 20 and 60 use phone brand of TCL?
How many women have apps from the game-Finding fault category installed on their device?
Please list any three devices that are owned by female users.
Which gender owned more of the Galaxy Note 2 device model?
How many of the apps belong in the "Equity Fund" category?
How many male users have a Galaxy Note 3?
Which brand is most common among people in their twenties?
How many active users were there in the event id 2?
List the app users IDs and installed status for the event ID of 844.
How many events were there on 30th April, 2016?
How many app IDs were included under science fiction category?
How many device users are male?
Please list the location coordinates of all the devices with an inactive app user when event no.2 happened.
How many events in total have happened on all the vivo devices in the year 2016?
What is the category that the most app users belong to?
What is the average age of all the vivo device users?
List at least 10 device models that male users over the age of 39 usually use.
How many users belong to "game-Art Style" category?
Provide the number of events that happened on 2016/5/6.
How many devices are of the brand vivo?
Among the female users of the devices, how many of them are over 30?
Is the oldest device user male or female?
What is the age of the youngest female device user?
Please list all the models of the devices used by a female user.
What is the device model used by the most female users over 30?
What are the top 3 categories with the most app users?
What is the ratio of male and female users of vivo X5pro model?
List out the time of the event id 12.
How many labels belong to the game-card category?
Among the male users, how many users use device model of Desire 820?
State the number of users who are under 50 and above 20 use device model of Galaxy Premier.
How many apps are labeled 7?
Identify by their id all the apps that belong to the game-stress reliever category.
How many men under the age of 23 have apps installed but are not active on their devices?
How many users belong to the same behavior category as comics?
How many male users have the log of events at the same longitude of 114?
Please provide the gender of at least one user who owns an HTC Desire 826 device.
How many OPPO devices are there?
How many events does the device "4069764298338760000" have?
How many male users are in the age group of M32-38?
What are the labels' IDs of online shopping and online malls categories?
Provide the app users IDs and time for the event ID of 82.
Among the devices with event no.2 happening, how many of them are vivo devices?
What is the age of the oldest male user of the app?
How many users belong to "Financial Information" category?
List at least 3 categories with the lowest number of users.
Give the number of device models for "中兴" phone brand.
How many app users belong to label ID of "48"?
How many category names start with the word "game"?
What are the label IDs and app IDs of the Chinese Classical Mythology category?
Describe the number of app IDs and location of the event ID "79641".
What is the age group of users who use phone brand of vivo?
What is the average age of the users who use model device of R7?
Mention the group of age of users who use phone brand of LG.
How many different models does the HTC brand have?
Identify by their id all the devices that are used by women who are in the age range of 29 to 31 years.
Please list any three events that have the longitude and latitude of 0.
Please list any five app categories that are related to games, along with their label ID.
How many female users over the age of 50 are there?
What were the locations of the events on 8th May, 2016?
What are the ages and genders of the LG L70 users?
Calculate the percentage of the app user IDs under Industry tag category.
How many events have happened on device no.29182687948017100 in 2016?
What is the age of the oldest device user?
Among the female users of the devices, how many of them are under 30?
Among the users who use a Galaxy Note 2, how many of them are female?
How many app users belong to the category of Securities?
Among all the users who use a vivo device, what is the percentage of the users in the M23-26 user group?
Which group does age 24 belong to?
Give the time stamp for event No.887711.
How many male users of the "Galaxy S5" device model?
Please list the location coordinates of all the Galaxy Note 2 devices when an event happened.
Please list the models of all the devices with an event under the location coordinates (121, 31).
Which category has more app users, Securities or Finance?
Please list the device models of all the devices used by a user in the M23-26 user group.
What is the average age of the female users who uses a vivo device?
What is the ratio of the number of app users that belong to the Securities category to the number of app users that belong to the Finance category?
What is the label ID of "Third-party card management" category?
How many events did the device ID "3915082290673130000" join?
How many events were participated by the users at longitude of "-156"?
How many devices belong to model "A51"?
Please provide the age group of any LG Nexus 4 device users.
