nl_question
Which states have produced the largest number of candidates inducted into the hall of fame?
What is the top league that pays the most to their players?
Which leage have the largest difference in pay among their team players?
What is the average pay for players inducted into the hall of fame?
What is the average pay for players not inducted into the hall of fame?
Which leage has higher average salaries for player?
Which Country are most baseball players from?
Who is the youngest baseball player so far?
How much points were received by the NL league's most valuable player winner in 1990?
What is the average age of players from USA?
What is the average lifespan of a baseball player?
Which is the most popular voting method for Hall of Fame in 2000?
How many players weigh over 200 pounds?
Who is the winner of Rookie of the Year in 2010?
Who is the highest paid player since 2010?
What are the salaries of players who have ever enter hall of fame?
What are the minimum votes needed to enter hall of fame for each year since 1871?
What are the salaries in National League?
What are the salaries in American League?
Which birth place has the most player awards?
What are the birth places of players won on hall of fame since 1871?
Which award has the highest player's salary?
What were the years when any special elections happened in hall of fame?
Top 10 countries with the most hall of fame players
who is the youngest winner?
Top 10 teams with the most hall of fame players
Average lifespan of hall of fame players
Which player get the highest score in 1971?
Which month that players were born has the highest likelihood to be elected as hall of fame?
Which league has the most player awarded in 2006?
What defense position the player ID willite01 is?
How many players were awarded more than ten times?
Which city the most players were born?
What is the average weight of players who were awarded third-base man in TSN all-star award?
Who is the player had the highest salary in 2015?
