nl_question
How many artists do we have?
Count the number of artists.
Show all artist name, age, and country ordered by the yeared they joined.
What are the names, ages, and countries of artists, sorted by the year they joined?
What are all distinct country for artists?
Return the different countries for artists.
Show all artist names and the year joined who are not from United States.
What are the names and year of joining for artists that do not have the country "United States"?
How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990?
Count the number of artists who are older than 46 and joined after 1990.
What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States.
Return the average and minimum ages across artists from the United States.
What is the name of the artist who joined latest?
Return the name of the artist who has the latest join year.
How many exhibition are there in year 2005 or after?
Count the number of exhibitions that happened in or after 2005.
Show theme and year for all exhibitions with ticket prices lower than 15.
What are the theme and year for all exhibitions that have a ticket price under 15?
Show all artist names and the number of exhibitions for each artist.
How many exhibitions has each artist had?
What is the name and country for the artist with most number of exhibitions?
Return the name and country corresponding to the artist who has had the most exhibitions.
Show names for artists without any exhibition.
What are the names of artists that have not had any exhibitions?
What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average?
Return the names of artists and the themes of their exhibitions that had a ticket price higher than average.
Show the average, minimum, and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009.
What are the average, minimum, and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions that happened prior to 2009?
Show theme and year for all exhibitions in an descending order of ticket price.
What are the themes and years for exhibitions, sorted by ticket price descending?
What is the theme, date, and attendance for the exhibition in year 2004?
Return the themes, dates, and attendance for exhibitions that happened in 2004.
Show all artist names who didn't have an exhibition in 2004.
What are the names of artists who did not have an exhibition in 2004?
Show the theme for exhibitions with both records of an attendance below 100 and above 500.
Which themes have had corresponding exhibitions that have had attendance both below 100 and above 500?
How many exhibitions have a attendance more than 100 or have a ticket price below 10?
Count the number of exhibitions that have had an attendnance of over 100 or a ticket prices under 10.
Show all artist names with an average exhibition attendance over 200.
What are the names of artist whose exhibitions draw over 200 attendees on average?
