nl_question
What are the distinct grant amount for the grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27' and grant were ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16'?
What are the different grant amounts for documents sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27' and after the grant ended on '1989-03-16 18:27:16'?
List the project details of the project both producing patent and paper as outcomes.
What are the details of the project that is producing both patents and papers as outcomes?
What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research?
What is the total amount of grant money for research?
List from which date and to which date these staff work: project staff of the project which hires the most staffs
From what date and to what date do the staff work on a project that has the most staff and has staff in a leader role?
Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in
What are the ids and details for all organizations that have grants of more than 6000 dollars?
What is the organisation type and id of the organisation which has the most number of research staff?
What is the type and id of the organization that has the most research staff?
Which organisation type hires most research staff?
What is the type of the organization with the most research staff?
Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 were granted by organisation type described
What are the send dates for all documents that have a grant amount of more than 5000 and are involved in research?
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular' or granted with more than 100?
What is the response received date for the document described as Regular that was granted more than 100 dollars?
List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
What are the details for all projects that did not hire any staff in a research role?
What are the task details, task id and project id for the projects which are detailed as 'omnis' or  have more than 2 outcomes?
What are the task details, task ids, and project ids for the progrects that are detailed as 'omnis' or have at least 3 outcomes?
When do all the researcher role staff start to work, and when do they stop working?
When did researchers start and stop working?
How many kinds of roles are there for the staff?
How many different roles are there on the project staff?
What is the total amount of grants given by each organisations? Also list the organisation id.
What is the total amount of grant money given to each organization and what is its id?
List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with the substring 'Published'.
What are the details for the project whose research has been published?
How many staff does each project has? List the project id and the number in an ascending order.
For each project id, how many staff does it have? List them in increasing order.
What is the complete description of the researcher role.
What is the complete description of the job of a researcher?
When did the first staff for the projects started working?
When did the first staff member start working?
Which project made the most number of outcomes? List the project details and the project id.
What are the details and id of the project with the most outcomes?
Which projects have no outcome? List the project details.
What are the details of the project with no outcomes?
Which organisation hired the most number of research staff? List the organisation id, type and detail.
What are the ids, types, and details of the organization with the most research staff?
Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes?
For each staff id, what is the description of the role that is involved with the most number of projects?
Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
What is the type of the document whose description starts with the word 'Initial'?
For grants with both documents described as 'Regular' and documents described as 'Initial Application', list its start date.
For grants that have descriptions of Regular and Initial Applications, what are their start dates?
How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
For each grant id, how many documents does it have, and which one has the most?
Find the organisation type description of the organisation detailed as 'quo'.
What is the type description of the organization whose detail is listed as 'quo'?
What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor'? Sort the result in an ascending order.
What are the details of all organizations that are described as Sponsors and sort the results in ascending order?
How many Patent outcomes are generated from all the projects?
How many patents outcomes were listed for all the projects?
How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
How many project members were leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects?
What is the last date that a staff member left a project?
What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint'?
What is the description for the results whose project detail is 'sint'?
List the organisation id with the maximum outcome count, and the count.
What is the id of the organization with the maximum number of outcomes and how many outcomes are there?
List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation
What are the details for the projects which were launched by the organization with the most projects?
List the research staff details, and order in ascending order.
What details are there on the research staff? List the result in ascending alphabetical order.
How many tasks are there in total?
How many tasks are there?
How many tasks does each project have? List the task count and the project detail.
For each project id, how many tasks are there?
What are the staff roles of the staff who
What roles did staff members play between '2003-04-19 15:06:20' and '2016-03-15 00:33:18'?
What are the descriptions of all the project outcomes?
List the description of the outcomes for all projects.
Which role is most common for the staff?
What is the most common role for the staff?
