nl_question
What is the id of the problem log that is created most recently?
Which problem log was created most recently? Give me the log id.
What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id?
Find the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id.
Find all the ids and dates of the logs for the problem whose id is 10.
For the problem with id 10, return the ids and dates of its problem logs.
List all the log ids and their descriptions from the problem logs.
What are the log id and entry description of each problem?
List the first and last names of all distinct staff members who are assigned to the problem whose id is 1.
Which staff members are assigned to the problem with id 1? Give me their first and last names.
List the problem id and log id which are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick.
Which problem id and log id are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick?
How many problems are there for product voluptatem?
How many problems did the product called "voluptatem" have in record?
How many problems does the product with the most problems have? List the number of the problems and product name.
Which product has the most problems? Give me the number of problems and the product name.
Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
Which problems are reported by the staff with first name "Christop"? Show the descriptions of the problems.
Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco.
Which problems are reported by the staff with last name "Bosco"? Show the ids of the problems.
What are the ids of the problems which are reported after 1978-06-26?
Find the ids of the problems reported after 1978-06-26.
What are the ids of the problems which are reported before 1978-06-26?
Which problems are reported before 1978-06-26? Give me the ids of the problems.
For each product which has problems, what are the number of problems and the product id?
For each product with some problems, list the count of problems and the product id.
For each product that has problems, find the number of problems reported after 1986-11-13 and the product id?
What are the products that have problems reported after 1986-11-13? Give me the product id and the count of problems reported after 1986-11-13.
List the names of all the distinct product names in alphabetical order?
Sort all the distinct product names in alphabetical order.
List all the distinct product names ordered by product id?
What is the list of distinct product names sorted by product id?
What are the id of problems reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber?
Which problems were reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber? Give me the ids of the problems.
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst?
For which product was there a problem reported by Christop Berge, with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst? Return the product ids.
What are the ids of the problems reported before the date of any problem reported by Lysanne Turcotte?
Which problems were reported before the date of any problem reported by the staff Lysanne Turcotte? Give me the ids of the problems.
What are the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by Rylan Homenick?
Find the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by the staff Rylan Homenick.
Find the top 3 products which have the largest number of problems?
What are the three products that have the most problems?s
List the ids of the problems from the product "voluptatem" that are reported after 1995?
What are the ids of the problems that are from the product "voluptatem" and are reported after 1995?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"?
Which staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"? Give me their first and last names.
Find the products which have problems reported by both Lacey Bosco and Kenton Champlin?
Which products have problems reported by both the staff named Lacey Bosco and the staff named Kenton Champlin?
