nl_question
Find the number of investors in total.
Show all investor details.
Show all distinct lot details.
Show the maximum amount of transaction.
Show all date and share count of transactions.
What is the total share of transactions?
Show all transaction ids with transaction code 'PUR'.
Show all dates of transactions whose type code is "SALE".
Show the average amount of transactions with type code "SALE".
Show the description of transaction type with code "PUR".
Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is "PUR" and whose share count is bigger than 50.
Show the maximum share count of transactions where the amount is smaller than 10000
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 or the amount is bigger than 1000.
Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10.
Show details of all investors if they make any transaction with share count greater than 100.
How many distinct transaction types are used in the transactions?
Return the lot details and investor ids.
Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details "l"?
What are the purchase details of transactions with amount bigger than 10000?
What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is "PUR"?
Show the average transaction amount for different transaction types.
Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types.
Show the average share count of transactions for different investors.
Show the average share count of transactions each each investor, ordered by average share count.
Show the average amount of transactions for different investors.
Show the average amount of transactions for different lots.
Show the average amount of transactions for different lots, ordered by average amount of transactions.
Show the number of transactions with transaction type code "SALE" for different investors if it is larger than 0.
Show the number of transactions for different investors.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently.
Show the description of the transaction type that occurs most frequently.
Show the id and details of the investor that has the largest number of transactions.
Show the id and details for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions.
Show the ids of the investors who have at least two transactions.
Show the ids and details of the investors who have at least two transactions with type code "SALE".
What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100?
What are the details of all sales and purchases?
What are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions?
