nl_question
Please list the IDs of all the trains that run in the east direction and have less than 4 cars.
Please list the directions in which the trains with at least one empty-loaded car run.
In which direction does the train with an ellipse-shape car run?
Please list the shapes of all the head cars on the trains that run in the east direction.
Among the cars on a train that runs in the east direction, how many of them have a flat roof and a circle load shape?
Please list the directions in which the trains with 4 short cars run.
What is the average number of cars on trains that run in the east direction?
Among the trains running east, how many trains have at least 4 cars?
Which direction do most of the trains with rectangle-shaped second cars run?
Among the trains running west, how many trains have no more than one car with an open roof?
How many cars running east have double-sided tail cars?
List all the directions of the trains that have empty cars.
Among the trains running west, how many trains have three-wheeled, jagged roof cars?
Provide the directions for all the trains that have 2 or less cars.
What is the percentage of all the trains with at least 4 cars? List the directions of the said trains.
How many trains are there that run in the east direction?
How many cars are there on train no.1?
What is the shape of the tail car on train no.1?
Please list the IDs of all the trains with at least one car in a non-regular shape.
What are the load shapes of all the short ellipse cars?
What are the ids of the train running east?
How many wheels do the long cars have?
How many trains running west have double sided cars in 3rd position?
How many eastbound trains have rectangular-shaped head cars?
Please list the IDs of all the cars on train no.1 that have 2 wheels.
What is the total number of short cars on all the trains that run in the east direction?
How many cars on a train that runs in the east direction have a flat roof?
How many short cars are in the shape of hexagon?
How many trains are running west?
Among the trains that run in the east direction, how many of them have at least one car in a non-regular shape?
