nl_question
List the title of all cartoons in alphabetical order.
What are the titles of the cartoons sorted alphabetically?
List all cartoon directed by "Ben Jones".
What are the names of all cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
How many cartoons were written by "Joseph Kuhr"?
What is the number of cartoones written by Joseph Kuhr?
list all cartoon titles and their directors ordered by their air date
What is the name and directors of all the cartoons that are ordered by air date?
List the title of all cartoon directed by "Ben Jones" or "Brandon Vietti".
What are the titles of all cartoons directed by Ben Jones or Brandon Vietti?
Which country has the most of TV Channels? List the country and number of TV Channels it has.
What is the country with the most number of TV Channels and how many does it have?
List the number of different series names and contents in the TV Channel table.
How many different series and contents are listed in the TV Channel table?
What is the content of TV Channel with serial name "Sky Radio"?
What is the content of the series Sky Radio?
What is the Package Option of TV Channel with serial name "Sky Radio"?
What are the Package Options of the TV Channels whose series names are Sky Radio?
How many TV Channel using language English?
How many TV Channels use the English language?
List the language used least number of TV Channel. List language and number of TV Channel.
What are the languages used by the least number of TV Channels and how many channels use it?
List each language and the number of TV Channels using it.
For each language, list the number of TV Channels that use it.
What is the TV Channel that shows the cartoon "The Rise of the Blue Beetle!"? List the TV Channel's series name.
What is the series name of the TV Channel that shows the cartoon "The Rise of the Blue Beetle"?
List the title of all  Cartoons showed on TV Channel with series name "Sky Radio".
What is the title of all the cartools that are on the TV Channel with the series name "Sky Radio"?
List the Episode of all TV series sorted by rating.
What are all of the episodes ordered by ratings?
List top 3 highest Rating  TV series. List the TV series's Episode and Rating.
What are 3 most highly rated episodes in the TV series table and what were those ratings?
What is minimum and maximum share of TV series?
What is the maximum and minimum share for the TV series?
What is the air date of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
When did the episode "A Love of a Lifetime" air?
What is Weekly Rank of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
What is the weekly rank for the episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
What is the TV Channel of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"? List the TV Channel's series name.
What is the name of the series that has the episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
List the Episode of all  TV series showed on TV Channel with series name "Sky Radio".
What is the episode for the TV series named "Sky Radio"?
Find the number of cartoons directed by each of the listed directors.
How many cartoons did each director create?
Find the production code and channel of the most recently aired cartoon .
What is the produdction code and channel of the most recent cartoon ?
Find the package choice and series name of the TV channel that has high definition TV.
What are the package options and the name of the series for the TV Channel that supports high definition TV?
which countries' tv channels are playing some cartoon written by Todd Casey?
What are the countries that have cartoons on TV that were written by Todd Casey?
which countries' tv channels are not playing any cartoon written by Todd Casey?
What are the countries that are not playing cartoons written by Todd Casey?
Find the series name and country of the tv channel that is playing some cartoons directed by Ben Jones and Michael Chang?
What is the series name and country of all TV channels that are playing cartoons directed by Ben Jones and cartoons directed by Michael Chang?
find the pixel aspect ratio and nation of the tv channels that do not use English.
What is the pixel aspect ratio and country of origin for all TV channels that do not use English?
find id of the tv channels that from the countries where have more than two tv channels.
What are the ids of all tv channels that have more than 2 TV channels?
find the id of tv channels that do not play any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
What are the ids of the TV channels that do not have any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
find the package option of the tv channel that do not have any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
What are the package options of all tv channels that are not playing any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
