nl_question
List all schools and their nicknames in the order of founded year.
What are the different schools and their nicknames, ordered by their founding years?
List all public schools and their locations.
What are the public schools and what are their locations?
When was the school with the largest enrollment founded?
Return the founded year for the school with the largest enrollment.
Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
What is the founded year of the non public school that was founded most recently?
How many schools are in the basketball match?
Count the number of schools that have had basketball matches.
What is the highest acc percent score in the competition?
Return the highest acc percent across all basketball matches.
What is the primary conference of the school that has the lowest acc percent score in the competition?
Return the primary conference of the school with the lowest acc percentage score.
What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time?
Return the name of the team and the acc during the regular season for the school that was founded the earliest.
Find the location and all games score of the school that has Clemson as its team name.
What are the all games score and location of the school called Clemson?
What are the average enrollment size of the universities that are founded before 1850?
Return the average enrollment of universities founded before 1850.
Show the enrollment and primary_conference of the oldest college.
What are the enrollment and primary conference for the university which was founded the earliest?
What is the total and minimum enrollment of all schools?
Return the total and minimum enrollments across all schools.
Find the total student enrollment for different affiliation type schools.
What are the total enrollments of universities of each affiliation type?
How many schools do not participate in the basketball match?
Count the number of universities that do not participate in the baketball match.
Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public.
What are the schools that were either founded before 1850 or are public?
Find how many different affiliation types there are.
Count the number of different affiliation types.
Find how many school locations have the word 'NY'.
How many universities have a location that contains NY?
Find the team names of the universities whose enrollments are smaller than the average enrollment size.
What are the names of teams from universities that have a below average enrollment?
Find the number of universities that have over a 20000 enrollment size for each affiliation type.
What are the different affiliations, and how many schools with each have an enrollment size of above 20000?
Find the total number of students enrolled in the colleges that were founded after the year of 1850 for each affiliation type.
What are the different affiliations, and what is the total enrollment of schools founded after 1850 for each enrollment type?
What is the maximum enrollment across all schools?
Return the maximum enrollment across all schools.
List all information regarding the basketball match.
What is all the information about the basketball match?
List names of all teams in the basketball competition, ordered by all home scores in descending order.
What are the names of all the teams in the basketball competition, sorted by all home scores in descending order?
