nl_question
Show name, city, and state for all universities in  alphabetical order of university name.
What are the names, cities, and states of all universities in alphabetical order (by name of the university).
How many universities are in Illinois or Ohio?
What is the total number of universities located in Illinois or Ohio?
What is the maximum, average, and minimum enrollment for universities?
What is the maximum, average, and minimum enrollment for all universities?
List team name for all universities with enrollments above the average.
What are the names of all teams from universities that have more people enrolled than average ?
Show all home conferences.
What are the different home conferences from the university table?
Show all home conferences and the number of universities in each conference.
For every home conference, how many universities attended that conference?
Which state has most number of universities?
What is the state with the most universities?
Show all home conferences with average enrollment of universities above 2000.
What are the home conferences that have an average university enrollment above 2000?
Which conference has the least number of total enrollment?
What are the home conferences with the fewest number of people enrolled?
List all major name and major code in the order of their major code
What are the names and codes for all majors ordered by their code?
Show all majors and major ranks for the university with name Augustana College.
What are the ranks and names of all majors at Augustana College?
What is the name, city, state of the university with a rank 1 on Accounting major?
What is the name, city, and state of the university with number 1 ranked Accounting major?
What is the name of the university that has most number of majors with rank 1?
What is the name of the university with the most majors ranked number 1?
Show all university names without a major with rank 1?
What are the names of all universities without any majors ranked number 1?
Show all university names with both major Accounting and major Urban Education.
What are the names of all universities that have both Accounting and Urban Education majors?
What is the name and overall ranking of universities in Wisconsin state?
What is the name and rank of every university in Wisconsin?
What is the university name with highest research point?
What is the name of the university with the most research points?
List all university names in ascending order of their reputation points.
What are the names of all universities in ascending order of reputation points?
What is the name of university with major Accounting ranked 3 or above?
What are the names of the university with an Accounting major ranked 3 or higher?
What is the total enrollment of universities with a overall rank 5 or below?
What is the total number of students enrolled in an university with a rank of 5 or below?
Find the name and Citation point of the universities whose reputation points are top 3 and above.
What is the name and citation point of the unversities with the top 3 reputation points?
which states do have more than two universities with enrollment smaller than 3000?
What are the states that have more than 2 universities with an enrollment less than 3000?
