nl_question
What is the model of the vehicle with maximum top speed whose power is higher than 6000?
Of vehicles with power over 6000, return the model of the vehicle with the greatest top speed.
What are the names of the drivers who are citizens of the 'United States'?
Return the names of drivers with citizenship from the United States.
How many vehicles has a driver driven at most, and what is the driver id of the driver who has driven this many vehicles?
What is the id of the driver who has driven the most vehicles, and how many vehicles is this?
What is the maximum and average power for the vehicles manufactured by 'Zhuzhou'?
Return the maximum and average power for the vehicles built by Zhuzhou.
What is the id of the vehicle driven for the least times for the vehicles ever used?
Return the id of the vehicle that has been driven the fewest times.
What is the top speed and power of the vehicle manufactured in the year of 1996?
Return the top speed and power of the vehicle that was built in the year 1996.
What are the build year, model name and builder of the vehicles?
Give the build year, model, and builder of each vehicle.
How many drivers have driven vehicles built in 2012?
Count the number of different drivers who have driven vehicles built in 2012.
How many drivers have raced in 'NASCAR'?
Count the number of drivers who have raced in NASCAR.
What is the average top speed of vehicles?
Return the average top speed across all vehicles.
What are the distinct driver names who have driven vehicles with power more than 5000 ?
Return the names of drivers who have driven vehicles with power over 5000.
Which car models have total production larger than 100 or top speed higher than 150?
Give the models of cars that have a total production of over 100 or a top speed over 150.
What are the model names and build year of the cars with 'DJ' in its model name?
Return the model and build year of cars that include "DJ" in their model names.
What are the models which have not been driven by any drivers?
Return the models of vehicles that have never been driven.
What are the vehicle ids and models of the vehicle which have been driven by two drivers or been manufactured by 'Ziyang'.
Return the ids and models of vehicles that have been driven by exactly two drivers or built by Ziyang.
What are the vehicle ids and models which have been driven by more than 2 drivers or been driven by the driver named 'Jeff Gordon'?
Return the ids and models of vehicles that have been driven by more than 2 drivers or been driven by the Jeff Gordon.
How many vehicles have maximum top speed?
Count the number of vehicles that have a top speed equal to the maximum across all vehicles.
Show all driver names in the alphabetical order.
What are the names of drivers, returned in alphbetical order?
How many drivers have been racing in each racing series?
Count the number of drivers that have raced in each series.
What are the name and citizenship of the drivers who have driven the vehicle model 'DJ1'?
Return the names and citizenships of drivers who have driven the vehicle with the model 'DJ1'.
How many drivers have not driven any cars?
Count the number of drivers who have not driven any vehicles.
