nl_question
How many vehicles do we have?
Count the number of vehicles.
Show names for all vehicles in descending order of model year.
What are the names of all vehicles, ordered by model year descending?
List all distinct types of powertrain of vehicles.
What are the different types of powertrains?
Show name, type of powertrain, and annual fuel cost for all vehicles with model year 2013 or 2014.
What are the names, types of powertrains, and yearly fuel costs for vehicles with model years in either 2013 2014?
Show types of powertrain with vehicles both from 2014 and 2013.
What are the types of powertrains that have vehicles that were made in both 2013 and 2014?
Show all types of powertrain and the number of vehicles in each type.
How many vehicles have each type of powertrain?
What is the type of powertrain with most number of vehicles.
Which type of powertrain is most common?
Show minimum, maximum, and average annual fuel cost for all vehicles.
What are the minimum, maximum, and average annual fuel costs across all vehicles?
Show name and model year for vehicles with city fuel economy rate less than or equal to highway fuel economy rate.
What are the names and model years for vehicles that have a city fuel economy rate less than or equal to its highway fuel economy rate?
Show the type of powertrain with at least two vehicles, and the average annual fuel cost for vehicles in each such type.
What are the types of powertrains for which there are two or more vehicles, and what are their average annual fuel costs?
Show the name, age, membership credit for all customers?
What are the names, ages, and membership credits for all customers?
Show the name and age of the customer with maximum membership credit.
What is the name and age of the customer with the most membership credit?
What is the average age for customers with a membership credit above the average?
Return the average age for customers who have membership above the average across all customers.
Show all information for all discounts.
Return all information about discounts.
Show the name and total hours of renting for each vehicle.
What are the names and total rental hours for each vehicle?
Show the name of vehicles with no renting history.
What are the names of vehicles that have never been rented?
Show the name of customer with at least two renting history records.
What are the names of customers who have two or more records of rental history?
Show the name and model year of the vehicle with most number of renting history records.
What is the name and model year of the vehicle which has been rented the most times?
Show the vehicle name with a descending order of total hours of renting.
What are the names of vehicles, sorted descending by total hours of renting?
What is the discount name with most number of renting history records?
Return the name of the discount that corresponds to the most rental history records.
Find the name and powertrain type of the cars that rented for more than 30 total hours.
What are the names and powertrain types of cars that have more than 30 total rental hours?
Find the average city and highway fuel rates for cars with different powertrain types.
What are the average city fuel economy rate, average highway fuel economy rate for different types of powertrains?
