nl_question
How many more games were sold on game platform ID 50 than on game platform ID 51 in region ID 1?
Please list all the games that have the same game genre as 3D Lemmings.
How many action games are there in total?
What is the genre of 3D Lemmings?
Who is the publisher of 3D Lemmings?
Please list the names of all the games published by 10TACLE Studios.
Among the games published by 10TACLE Studios, how many of them are puzzles?
Please list the names of all the games published by 10TACLE Studios and are puzzles.
On which platform was Panzer Tactics released in 2007?
Please list the names of the publishers of all the puzzle games.
What is the name of the publisher that has published the most puzzle games?
How many publishers have published more than 3 puzzle games?
How many games were sold on the DS platform on average in the 4 different regions?
Show the id of the game platform with the most sales in region 2.
Which genre has the most games? Show its id.
Show the number of games which were released on X360 in 2010.
State the publisher name of the game "ModNation Racers".
Show the id of game platform which makes the most sales in Japan.
How many platforms are available for the game Pro Evolution Soccer 2016?
How many games in the database belong to the genre of sports?
State the name of the publisher with the most games.
How many more sports games than simulation games?
Tell the genre of the game "Resident Evil: Revelations".
How many sales does game platform id 3871 make in Europe?
Give the number of games which were published by Ascaron Entertainment GmbH.
Show the name of the earliest platform in the database.
How many games did Electronic Arts publish?
What is the genre of the Advent Rising game?
How many role-playing games did Microsoft Game Studios publish?
Which publisher published the most games?
In 2004, what are the names of the platforms where Codemasters publish its games?
How many publishers in Japan released a game on X360 in 2011?
Which year has the most number of PC games releases?
List the names of all the publishers who published one game only.
What are the names of the games that were published by 505 Games?
List down the names of platform where the games released in 2016 can be played on.
When was the game titled 3DS Classic Collection released?
What is the average number of sales in Japan?
List down the name of games published by 3DO.
How many role-playing games are there?
List the region name where games reached 300000 sales and above.
Which company published the game with the most sales in North America?
Among the games released in 2004, what is the percentage of games on PSP?
Provide the ID of 1C Company.
How many games are puzzle genre?
How many games were published by Acclaim Entertainment?
Name the publisher of the Chronicles of the Sword game.
Provide the ID of the most popular platform in Europe.
Name the game released in 2011.
Mention the genre of the 2Xtreme.
Provide the platform where the Panzer Tactics can be played.
Calculate how many percent of sales in North America is higher than the average sale per region for platform ID 9577.
Which is the publisher for the game "Prism: Light the Way"?
What are the games that were released in 2006?
What is the genre of the game "Mario vs. Donkey Kong"?
List all the platform games.
List the games from the publisher "Activision".
How many different publishers have published a game that starts with "Marvel"?
What percentage of games are sports?
How many publishers published the Minecraft game?
Which publisher has published the most number of Action games?
How many Sports games did Nintendo publish?
What are the names of the games published by American Softworks?
How many strategy games are there?
Which publisher published Overwatch?
What is the name of the genre with the most number of video games?
What is the number of games sold in Europe for game platform ID 26?
What are the three largest numbers of games sold?
Indicate the name of all adventure games.
List the name of all games published by 'Pioneer LDC'.
Indicate the name of all the games published for the 'SCD' platform.
List the name of all games published in Japan.
What genres are the games published by 'Agatsuma Entertainment'?
How many games are not of the genres 'Role-Playing', 'Shooter' and 'Simulation'?
Which publisher has published the most games in the 'Puzzle' genre?
Which publisher has published the game 'Pachi-Slot Kanzen Kouryaku 3: Universal Koushiki Gaido Volume 3'?
In which regions has the game 'Pengo' been sold?
List by name all the games released in the year 2010.
Calculate the average game sales for the PS2 platform.
Who is the publisher of the game 2002 FIFA World Cup?
What genre is the game 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa?
Which region has the highest number of games sold on all platforms?
What are the names of games that were released in 2007?
Indicate the release year of the game with more than 200000 sales in Japan.
In 2010, how many PS3 games were released?
Indicate the publisher who has published the most games of all time.
How many shooter games are there?
State the name of the platforms for games released in 2000.
What are the game IDs of the games published by Bethesda Softworks?
Calculate the total number of IDs for the game published by Capcom and Sony Computer Entertainment.
List down the names of the games in the racing genre.
Find out the platform of the game "Final Fantasy XIII-2".
List the games available on Wii.
Provide the name of games released in 2015.
What is the name of the company that produced the game titled Adventure Time: Explore the Dungeon Because I Don't Know!?
List down the game platform ID and region name where the games achieved 20000 sales and below.
What is the genre of the game ID 119?
List the game IDs of the games produced by Abylight.
List down the name of strategy games.
In what platform does the game ID 178 available?
Calculate the total number of sales in North America.
List the platform ID of the game titled Airborne Troops: Countdown to D-Day.
How many games available on PSP were released in 2004?
What is the diffrence between the number of games produced by Culture Brain that can be played on SNES and DS?
In games that can be played on Wii, what is the percentage of games released in 2007?
Among games sold in Europe, list the platform ID of games with sales lesser than 30% of the average number of sales.
Which publisher has published the most games?
In which year was Panzer Tactics released on DS?
Among the games published by Nintendo, what is the percentage of those in the genre of sports?
Name of the publisher of the game id 10031.
How many times more is the number of games which were published by Atari than Athena?
How many games were released on PS4 in 2014?
What is the genre ID of the '2Xtreme' game?
Provide the games that can be played on the SCD platform.
How many games can be played on the Wii platform?
How many games were released in 2001?
What is the average number of games published by a publisher?
What is the first year a game is released?
How many games do not have any sales in Europe?
What are the years that "WiiU" got a new game?
What is the ratio of game sales between North America and Japan?
Which year has the most number of video game releases?
What publishers have the word 'Entertainment' in their name?
Which game has sold the fewest units?
What platform is the game 3Xtreme available on?
Calculate the difference between sales of games from region ID 2 and region ID 3.
What are the sales made by the games in Japan region?
How many game publisher IDs have published games on the X360 platform?
Find out the difference between the number of publishers who released the games on the PS3 and X360.
What is the genre of the game "Grand Theft Auto V"?
Calculate the number of games in the fighting genre.
Calculate the total sales made by the games released in 2000.
Calculate the difference in sales between the games released in 1990 and 2000.
Tell the number of games whose publisher id is 352.
List down the record ID of records released between 2000 to 2003.
What is the total number of sales across all regions?
What is the least common game genre?
What is the name of the publisher that released the most video games in 2007?
What is the genre of the game '2 Games in 1: Sonic Advance & ChuChu Rocket!'?
How many games include the word 'Box' in their name?
How many games were published by Activision?
What is the percentage of games that were released on PS4 in 2014 among all platforms?
List down the platform IDs of the games released in 2007.
What are the platform IDs of records released in 2006?
Give the game name of the game ID 44.
List the genre id of the game Pro Evolution Soccer 2012.
What is the release year of the game that gained 350000 sales in North America?
Give the name of the publisher of the game ID 75.
What is the title of the game that gained the most sales in Japan?
Calculate the percentage of games published by 'Brash Entertainment'?
What is the total number of games sold in region ID 1?
When was the game ID 156 released?
