nl_question
How many games are there?
Count the number of games.
List the Title and Developers of all games ordered by units sold from large to small.
What are the titles and developers of all games, sorted by units sold descending?
What is the average units sold in millions of the games that are not developed by Nintendo?
Return the average number of units sold in millions for games not developed by Nintendo.
What are the names and market districts of all platforms?
Return all platform names and corresponding market districts.
What are the names and id of platforms whose download rank is 1?
Return the names and ids of all platforms with the download rank of 1.
What are the maximum and minimum rank of the year of players.
Give the maximum and minimum rank of the year across all players.
How many players have rank of the year smaller than 3?
Count the number of players that have a rank of year of at most 3.
List all player names in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of all players in alphabetical order?
List names and colleges of all players in descending order of rank of the year.
What are the names and colleges of all players, ordered by rank of year descending?
Please show the names and rank of players that have played the game titled "Super Mario World".
What are the names and ranks of players who have played the game with the title "Super Mario World"?
Show the distinct developer of games played by players that go to college "Auburn".
What are the different developers of games that are played by players that attend Auburn college?
What is the average number of units sold in millions of games played by players with position "Guard"?
Return the average number of units sold in millions among games played by players who have the position Guard.
Please list the title and platform name of games.
What are the titles and platform names of all games?
Please list the title of games with platforms that have market district in Asia or USA.
What are the titles of games that have platforms in the market districts of Asia or the USA?
List the name of each franchise and the number of games belonging to that franchise.
How many games are there from each Franchise?
List the name of franchise that have the most number of games.
Which franchise has the most games?
List the names of franchises that have at least two games.
What are the names of franchises that have two or more games?
List the name of players that do not play any game.
What are the names of players who do not play any games?
Show the title of games that are played by both players from college "Oklahoma" and players from college "Auburn".
What are the titles of games that are played by players from Oklahoma college or Auburn college?
Show all distinct franchises of games.
What are all the distinct franchises?
Show the title of games that are not played by any player who is in the Guard position.
What are the titles of games not played by any players who play the Guard position?
