nl_question
Find the number of students in total.
How many students are there in total?
Find the number of voting records in total.
How many voting records do we have?
Find the distinct number of president votes.
How many distinct president votes are recorded?
Find the maximum age of all the students.
What is the oldest age among the students?
Find the last names of students with major 50.
What are the last names of students studying major 50?
Find the first names of students with age above 22.
What are the first names of all the students aged above 22?
What are the majors of male (sex is M) students?
List the major of each male student.
What is the average age of female (sex is F) students?
Find the average age of female students.
What are the maximum and minimum age of students with major 600?
Tell me the ages of the oldest and youngest students studying major 600.
Who are the advisors for students that live in a city with city code "BAL"?
Show the advisors of the students whose city of residence has city code "BAL".
What are the distinct secretary votes in the fall election cycle?
Return all the distinct secretary votes made in the fall election cycle.
What are the distinct president votes on 08/30/2015?
Show all the distinct president votes made on 08/30/2015.
Report the distinct registration date and the election cycle.
What are the distinct registration dates and the election cycles?
Report the distinct president vote and the vice president vote.
List all the distinct president votes and the vice president votes.
Find the distinct last names of the students who have class president votes.
What are the distinct last names of the students who have class president votes?
Find the distinct first names of the students who have class senator votes.
What are the distinct first names of the students who have class president votes?
Find the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle.
What are the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle?
Find the distinct Advisor of students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle.
Who served as an advisor for students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle?
Find the distinct majors of students who have treasurer votes.
What are the distinct majors that students with treasurer votes are studying?
Find the first and last names of all the female (sex is F) students who have president votes.
What are the first and last names of all the female students who have president votes?
Find the first and last name of all the students of age 18 who have vice president votes.
What are the first names and last names of the students who are 18 years old and have vice president votes.
How many male (sex is M) students have class senator votes in the fall election cycle?
Count the number of male students who had class senator votes in the fall election cycle.
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC and who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle.
Which students live in the city with code "NYC" and have class senator votes in the spring election cycle? Count the numbers.
Find the average age of students who live in the city with code "NYC" and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
What is the average age of students who have city code "NYC" and have secretary votes for the spring election cycle?
Find the average age of female (sex is F) students who have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
What is the average age of the female students with secretary votes in the spring election cycle?
Find the distinct first names of all the students who have vice president votes and whose city code is not PIT.
What are the distinct first names of the students who have vice president votes and reside in a city whose city code is not PIT?
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is not 2192.
What are the distinct last names of the students who have president votes but do not have 2192 as the advisor?
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741.
What are the distinct last names of the students who have president votes and have 8741 as the advisor?
For each advisor, report the total number of students advised by him or her.
How many students does each advisor have?
Report all advisors that advise more than 2 students.
Which advisors have more than two students?
Report all majors that have less than 3 students.
What are the majors only less than three students are studying?
For each election cycle, report the number of voting records.
Count the number of voting records for each election cycle.
Which major has the most students?
Find the major that is studied by the largest number of students.
What is the most common major among female (sex is F) students?
Find the major that is studied by the most female students.
What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in?
Return the code of the city that has the most students.
Report the distinct advisors who have more than 2 students.
Which advisors are advising more than 2 students?
