nl_question
Select all details of all warehouses.
What is all the information about the warehouses?
Find all different contents stored in New York.
What are all the different contents stored in boxes in New York?
Select contents of all boxes with a value larger than $150.
What are the contents of boxes with value greater than 150?
Select the warehouse code and the average value of the boxes in each warehouse.
What is the average value of boxes for each warehouse?
Find the average and total values of all boxes.
What are the average and total values across all boxes?
Find the average and total capacity of all warehouses.
What are the average and total capacities across all warehouses?
Find the average and maximum value for each different content.
What are the average and maximum values for each type of content in boxes?
Find the content that has the highest total values in all boxes.
What is the content with the greatest value across all boxes?
Select the average value of all the boxes.
What is the average value of boxes?
Select all distinct contents in all the boxes.
What are the different contents in boxes?
Find the number of all distinct contents in all the boxes.
How many different contents are stored in boxes?
Find all distinct locations of warehouses.
What are the different locations of warehouses?
Find the code of boxes that are stored at the warehouses located at Chicago or New York.
What are the codes of boxes stored in warehouses in either Chicago or New York?
Find the total value of boxes in the warehouses located at Chicago or New York.
What is the total value of boxes located in Chicago or New York?
Find all contents present in warehouses located in Chicago and those located in New York.
Find the contents that are stored in both Chicago and New York.
Find the type of contents that are not in the warehouses located at New York.
What types of contents cannot be found in warehouses in New York?
Find the location of the warehouses which have contents Rocks but not Scissors.
What are the locations of warehouses that have boxes containing Rocks but not Scissors?
Find the warehouses which store contents Rocks or Scissors.
What are the distinct warehouses that have boxes with Rocks or Scissors as contents?
Find the location of the warehouses which store contents Rocks and Scissors.
What are the locations of warehouses in which boxes that contain Rocks and Scissors are kept?
List the code and contents of all boxes sorted by their values.
What are the codes and corresponding contents of all the boxes, ordered by their values?
Find the code and contents of the box with the lowest value.
What is the code and contents for the box that has the smallest value?
Find the unique contents of all boxes whose value is higher than the average value of all boxes.
What are the different contents of boxes for which the value is higher than the average value across all boxes?
List all different types of contents ordered by contents.
What are the different contents of boxes, ordered alphabetically?
Find the code of all boxes whose value is higher than the value of any boxes with Rocks as content.
What are the codes of boxes for which the value is greater than the value of any box that contains Rocks?
Find the code and content of all boxes whose value is higher than the value of all boxes with Scissors as content.
What are the codes and corresponding contents of boxes for which their value is higher than the values of all boxes containing Scissors?
Find the total value of boxes stored in the warehouse with the largest capacity.
What is the total value of boxes kept in the warehouse with the greatest capacity?
Select the warehouse code and the average value of the boxes only for those warehouses where the average value of the boxes is greater than 150.
What are the average values of boxes for each warehouse than has an average value greater than 150?
Find the total value and number of boxes for each content type.
For each content, what is the total value and number of boxes?
Find the total, average, and maximum capacity for different locations.
For each location, what are the total, average, and maximum capacities of warehouses?
Find the total capacity of all warehouse locations.
What is the total capacity of all warehouses?
Find the value of the most expensive boxes saved in each warehouse location.
For each warehouse location, what is the value of the most expensive box?
Select the warehouse codes along with the number of boxes in each warehouse.
How many boxes are there with each warehouse ?
Find the number of different locations where Rocks are stored.
In how many different warehouses are Rocks stored within boxes?
Select the code of each box, along with the name of the city the box is located in.
What are the codes of all boxes, as well as the locations of the warehouses they are in?
Select the codes of all the boxes located in Chicago.
What are the codes of boxes stored in warehouses in Chicago?
Find the number of boxes saved in each warehouse.
How many boxes are stored in each warehouse?
Find the number of distinct types of contents in each warehouse.
How many different types of contents are stored in each warehouse?
Select the codes of all warehouses that are above capacity.
What are the codes of warehouses that have more boxes than their capacity?
Find the total values of boxes that are not in the warehouses located at Chicago.
What is the total value of boxes contained in any location but Chicago?
