nl_question
What is the name of the highest rated wine?
Give the name of the wine with the highest score.
Which winery is the wine that has the highest score from?
What is the winery at which the wine with the highest score was made?
Find the names of all wines produced in 2008.
What are the names of all wines produced in 2008?
List the grapes and appelations of all wines.
What are the grapes and appelations of each wine?
List the names and scores of all wines.
What are the names and scores of all wines?
List the area and county of all appelations.
What are the areas and counties for all appelations?
What are the prices of wines produced before the year of 2010?
Return the prices of wines produced before 2010.
List the names of all distinct wines that have scores higher than 90.
What are the names of wines with scores higher than 90?
List the names of all distinct wines that are made of red color grape.
What are the names of wines made from red grapes?
Find the names of all distinct wines that have appellations in North Coast area.
What are the distinct names of wines that have appellations in the North Coast area?
How many wines are produced at Robert Biale winery?
Count the number of wines produced at Robert Biale winery.
How many appelations are in Napa Country?
Count the number of appelations in Napa County.
Give me the average prices of wines that are produced by appelations in Sonoma County.
What is the average price of wines produced in appelations in Sonoma County?
What are the names and scores of wines that are made of white color grapes?
Give the names and scores of wines made from white grapes.
Find the maximum price of wins from the appelations in Central Coast area and produced before the year of 2005.
What is the maximum price of wines from the appelation in the Central Coast area, which was produced before 2005?
Find the the grape whose white color grapes are used to produce wines with scores higher than 90.
Find the white grape used to produce wines with scores above 90.
What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes?
What are the names of wines made from red grapes and with prices above 50?
What are the wines that have prices lower than 50 and have appelations in Monterey county?
Give the neames of wines with prices below 50 and with appelations in Monterey county.
What are the numbers of wines for different grapes?
How many wines are there for each grape?
What are the average prices of wines for different years?
What is the average prices of wines for each each?
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery.
What are the distinct names of wines with prices higher than any wine from John Anthony winery.
List the names of all distinct wines in alphabetical order.
What are the names of wines, sorted in alphabetical order?
List the names of all distinct wines ordered by price.
What are the names of wines, sorted by price ascending?
What is the area of the appelation that produces the highest number of wines before the year of 2010?
What is the area for the appelation which produced the most wines prior to 2010?
What is the color of the grape whose wine products has the highest average price?
Give the color of the grape whose wine products have the highest average price?
Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 or after the year of 2010.
Give the distinct names of wines made before 2000 or after 2010.
Find the distinct winery of wines having price between 50 and 100.
What are the distinct wineries which produce wines costing between 50 and 100?
What are the average prices and cases of wines produced in the year of 2009 and made of Zinfandel grape?
Give the average price and case of wines made from Zinfandel grapes in the year 2009.
What are the maximum price and score of wines produced by St. Helena appelation?
Give the maximum price and score for wines produced in the appelation St. Helena.
What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year?
What are the maximum price and score of wines for each year?
What are the average price and score of wines grouped by appelation?
What are the average price and score of wines for each appelation?
Find the wineries that have at least four wines.
Which wineries produce at least four wines?
Find the country of all appelations who have at most three wines.
What are the countries for appelations with at most 3 wines?
What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery?
What are the names of wines produced before any wine from the Brander winery?
What are the names of wines that are more expensive then all wines made in the year 2006?
Give the names of wines with prices above any wine produced in 2006.
Find the top 3 wineries with the greatest number of wines made of white color grapes.
Which 3 wineries produce the most wines made from white grapes?
List the grape, winery and year of the wines whose price is bigger than 100 ordered by year.
What are the grapes, wineries and years for wines with price higher than 100, sorted by year?
List the grape, appelation and name of wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name.
What are the grapes, appelations, and wines with scores above 93, sorted by Name?
Find the appelations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area.
What are the appelations for wines produced after 2008 but not in the Central Coast area?
Find the average price of wines that are not produced from Sonoma county.
What is the average price for wines not produced in Sonoma county?
Find the county where produces the most number of wines with score higher than 90.
What is the county that produces the most wines scoring higher than 90?
