nl_question
How many submissions are there?
Count the number of submissions.
List the authors of submissions in ascending order of scores.
Find the author for each submission and list them in ascending order of submission score.
What are the authors of submissions and their colleges?
For each submission, show the author and their affiliated college.
Show the names of authors from college "Florida" or "Temple"
Which authors with submissions are from college "Florida" or "Temple"?
What is the average score of submissions?
Compute the average score of submissions.
What is the author of the submission with the highest score?
Find the author who achieved the highest score in a submission.
Show different colleges along with the number of authors of submission from each college.
For each college, return the college name and the count of authors with submissions from that college.
Show the most common college of authors of submissions.
Which college has the most authors with submissions?
Show the colleges that have both authors with submission score larger than 90 and authors with submission score smaller than 80.
Which colleges have both authors with submission score above 90 and authors with submission score below 80?
Show the authors of submissions and the acceptance results of their submissions.
For each submission, find its author and acceptance result.
Show the result of the submission with the highest score.
Which submission received the highest score in acceptance result. Show me the result.
Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to.
How many workshops did each author submit to? Return the author name and the number of workshops.
Show the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop.
Which authors have submitted to more than one workshop?
Show the date and venue of each workshop in ascending alphabetical order of the venue.
Sort the each workshop in alphabetical order of the venue. Return the date and venue of each workshop.
List the authors who do not have submission to any workshop.
Which authors did not submit to any workshop?
