nl_question
Provide the name, capital city and its official language of the country with the highest life expectancy.
Give the head of the state of the country with the lowest percentage use of English as their language.
What are the official languages used in Belgium?
Give the cities and district names that belong to the country with Hajastan as its local name.
List down the districts belong to the country headed by Adolf Ogi.
Who is the head of the country where Santa Catarina district belongs?
What is the official language of China?
What is the form of government that the city of Manila has?
List all the languages used in Europe.
Who is the head of state of the country where the city of Pyongyang is under?
How many unofficial languages are used in Italy?
What city in Russia has the least population?
List all the official and unofficial languages used by the country that declared its independence in 1830.
What is the capital city of the country with largest population?
List down the official language of the countries which declared independence after 1990,
List down languages used in Malaysia.
What is the life expectancy of residents in the most crowded city?
What is the GNP of the least crowded city in the world?
List down all cities of China.
What are the districts that belong to the country with the largest surface area?
How many cities are there in the country ruled by Kostis Stefanopoulos?
What are the official languages used in Greece?
What is the surface area and GNP of the country where Namibe district belongs?
List down the country names of countries that have a GNP lower than 1000 and have Dutch as their language.
What is the life expectancy of the people living in Calama city?
In countries with constitutional monarchy, what is the percentage of cities located in the district of England?
Among the countries that use Italian as their language, what is the percentage of republic countries?
List any five countries which use English as an official language.
List the languages used in the USA.
How many cities are there in England?
Among the languages used in Baltic Countries, provide the languages which are used by over 80%.
Who is the head of the state where the most crowded city belongs?
List down the cities that belong to the country with a life expectancy of 66.4.
List down the languages of the countries that have population below 8000.
What country declared its independence in 1994?
List all the countries in Asia.
What country in Asia has the largest gross national product(GNP)?
How many cities are in the Philippines?
What is the local name of Ukraine that they are also known for?
How many countries have Socialistic Republic form of government?
How many percent of the population of China used Chinese as their language?
What is the language of the smallest population country?
List down the name of countries whereby English is their official language.
Which country has the most crowded city in the world?
What is the average life expentancy of countries that speak Arabic?
What is the GNP growth rate by the country of Shanghai?
What is the district of Zaanstad?
What is the year of independence of Brunei?
How many countries have no GNP?
What is the average surface area of all countries?
How many languages are there in the country where Tocantins district belongs?
Give the population of the country where Queimados city belongs.
List the names of the country that officially uses English as their language.
What are the districts that belong to the country with the lowest surface area?
What is the local name of the country where "The Valley" city belongs?
List down the cities belongs to the country that has surface area greater than 7000000.
What is the life expectancy of the countries that uses Japanese as their language?
How many cities are there in the country with the surface area of 652090?
List down the languages of countries with an independence year between 1980 to 1995.
How many countries use Portuguese?
Among the languages used in Baltic Countries, provide the languages which are used by over 80%.
Provide the country, population, capital city, and official language of the country with the smallest surface area.
In which continent does the country with the smallest surface area belongs?
What is the surface area of the country where Sutton Coldfield city belongs?
List all the cities in the country where there is high life expectancy at birth.
What city has the highest population?
How many countries have a life expectancy of 75.1?
What is the GNP of the country where district "Entre Rios" belongs?
Provide the language used in the country ruled by Pierre Buyoya.
Which country has the shortest life expectancy?
Provide the name, located country, and life expectancy of the most populated city
Which country has the smallest surface area?
Which country has the smallest surface area and the most crowded city?
