nl_question
What's the description of the series code SM.POP.TOTL for Aruba?
Please list the countries in Latin America & Caribbean with a note on the series code SM.POP.TOTL.
Among the countries with note on the series code SM.POP.TOTL, how many of them are in the low-income group?
How many low-income countries under the lending category of the International Development Associations have a note on the series code SM.POP.TOTL?
Among the countries in the High income: OECD group whose currency unit is Euro, how many of them have a note on the series code SP.DYN.AMRT.FE?
What is the description of the footnote on the series code AG.LND.FRST.K2 in 1990 for Aruba?
On which years did Aruba got a footnote on the series code AG.LND.FRST.K2?
What is the average adolescent fertility rate of the country whose Alpha2Code is 1A over the years this indicator was calculated.
List down the series codes in which the topic is about Environment: Emissions and the license type is restricted. Please include their alpha code.
What is the series note description of the series "SP.DYN.TO65.MA.ZS" which covers the topic "Health: Mortality" in 1967?
List the sources for the Net Migration in South American countries in 2002.
Please calculate the percentage of Sub-Saharan African countries which are in the Special trade system.
Mention the series code of countries using pound sterling as their currency unit. Which country belongs to high income group among them.
Which low income country has a series code of DT.DOD.DECT.CD? Name the country code of it.
List the series code of country with country notes description as "Data sources : Eurostat" and state the Wb2Code of these countries.
What is the percentage of countries in the Middle East and North Africa that have finished reporting on their real external debt?
What proportion of Sub-Saharan Africa's countries have lower middle incomes?
Please provide the subject of series of Austria.
Please list the notes for Aruba on the indicators under the topic of Environment: Energy production & use.
For the country that has notes on the indicator Inflation, consumer prices, in which region is it in?
How many countries have notes on the indicator Stocks traded, turnover ratio of domestic shares?
Among the countries in the group of Heavily Indebted Poor Countries, how many of them are under the lending category of the International Development Associations?
Please list the descriptions of the series code SM.POP.TOTL for all the countries that are under the lending category of the International Development Associations.
List the East Asia & Pacific countries which are under the High income: nonOECD group. Please include their alpha code.
What are the Indicator names and aggregation methods when the topic is Economic Policy & Debt: Balance of payments: Capital & financial account?
List down the World Bank code of the countries whose country note has described "Data source : Human Mortality Database by University of California, Berkeley, and Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research."? Please include their lending category.
Find the countries in south Asia which are in the low-income group. What is the source of their recent income and expenditure data? List it alongside the table name of the countries.
List down 10 country codes and it's short names.
Which countries use Euro as their currency? List down the table name.
Which high income group countries are from Asia?
Which country have completed vital registration? List all the countries.
Which form of government has more countries that have completed the actual external debt reporting between the two types of government accounting concepts, budgetary central government vs. consolidated central government?
Please list the full names of any three countries that have their series code with a description of UN Energy Statistics (2014).
What is the series code for Germany and what is its description?
Please list the countries under the lending category of the International Development Associations and have a external debt reporting finished by estimation.
How many footnotes did Aruba got on different series code in the year 2002?
List out the series code and country code of the poor countries that located in Latin American & Carribbean.
Mention the series code of countries using Australian dollar as their currency unit. Which country belongs to middle income group among them.
List out the country code and country name of the rich countries using Euro as their currency unit
List out the table name and currency unit of countries using series code as FP.CPI.TOTL
State the table name of country with description of "Covers mainland Tanzania only".
Write down the description and series code of Benin in year 2005.
How many countries are using the same type of currency? Please list the short names of any 3 countries.
What South Asian nations have low incomes? Please include the entire names of the nations in your answer.
Please provide full name of any two countries using special trade system.
Please list the countries that got the footnote "Data are classified as official aid." on the series code DC.DAC.AUSL.CD in 2002.
For how many consecutive years did Aruba get a footnote on the series code BX.KLT.DINV.CD.WD?
What is the average value of Adjusted net enrolment rate, primary, both sexes (%) indicator in Algeria from 1975 to 1980?
In 1970, how many Middle Eastern & North African countries whose value for CO2 emissions from gaseous fuel consumption (kt) indicator is more than 600?
Please write down the footnote descriptions of Albania in 1981.
Enumerate the footnote narratives of The Bahamas under the series code SH.DTH.IMRT in the year 1984.
What is the topic of the series when the Total reserves minus gold (current US$) indicator of Haiti hit the value of 3,000,000 in 1961? Please include its series code and license type.
What are the sources for the data of children who finished primary school education in Latin America & Caribbean countries?
In the countries for which the latest trade data are from 2013, what was the GDP growth in 2014? List them in the ascending order of GDP.
How many low income countries are there in South Asia?
Which upper middle income country has the lowest value of CO2 emissions (kt)?
What is the minimum of International migrant stock, total of heavily indebted poor countries?
Please list the indicator names belonging to Education: Inputs topic in 2000.
What percentage of countries in South Asia have the Life expectancy at birth, female (years) greater than 50?
From 1960 to 1965, which country had the highest Death rate, crude (per 1,000 people)?
Please list the indicator names of Arab World whose values are higher than 50 in 1960.
Which country has the highest value of Merchandise imports by the reporting economy (current US$)?
Please list annual indicator names which have values of more than 100 in 1965.
From 1968 to 1970, what are indicator names whose license type is open and values are less than 100?
Please list out all annual indicator names of Sudan in 1961?
List out the series code of countries using Euro as their currency unit.
Mention the series code of countries using Hong Kong dollar as their currency unit.
List out the country name of lower earning countries
How many of the countries name start with alphabet A? List down the Alpha2Code of them.
Name the countries' long name with national accounts base year prior to 1980.
What are the footnote description of Finland in year 2000?
List the long name of countries with indicator name in 1980.
State the currency of Malaysia and what are the indicator code used by this country in 1970?
How many footnotes have been made in year 1980 and what are the table names of these countries that made the footnotes?
Among the low income countries, which country has the lowest fertility rate?
How much is the total urban population of middle income countries in 1960?
How many countries using the 1993 System of National Accounts methodology?
Which country have conducted population census from 2010 until 2012 and have completed vital registration?
Which country have the highest CO2 emissions in 1960?
What country have the series code of SP.DYN.CBRT.IN?
Which country have data classified as official aid?
What country have its data estimated based on regression?
In 1960, what is largest population for country with upper middle income?
How many countries uses the 1968 System of National Accounts methodology?
What upper middle income country under East Asia & Pacific region which covers the topic about Social Protection & Labor: Migration ? Indicate the short name of the said country.
Name the country in which the topic is about Poverty: Shared Prosperity. Indicate the long name of the country.
What country has the latest trade data with a series code of "SP.DYN.CDRT.IN "? List the table name of the country.
Which country has the lowest percentage of arable land?
What are the subjects of series that have a restricted type of license?
Which countries in the upper middle income category still have unfinished external debt reporting? Please provide the country codes in your answer.
From 1961 to 1980, what was the highest percentage of land used for agriculture in the Republic of Benin?
What was the deposit interest rate in the Commonwealth of Australia in 1979 in percentage?
Which nation completed its external debt reporting in 1980 and had a Land under cereal production value of 3018500?
What portion of the nations in Latin America and the Caribbean had more than 50% of their land used for agriculture in 1961?
What are the full names of the countries in South Asia that belongs to the low income group?
What is the indicator code for Mobile Cellular Subscriptions of Brazil?
In Sub-Saharan Africa, how many female out-of-school children of primary school age are there in the country with the higest number of female out-of-school children of primary school age? Indicate the year of when it was recorded.
What is the series code for number of infant deaths in year 1965 for the country whose full name is Islamic State of Afghanistan?
What are the indicator codes for the Republic of Albania in the year 1960?
What is the lending category of the country with a cereal production of 6140000 metric tons for the year 1966?
In which years does the country whose Alpha2Code is 1A have a result of the indicator Adolescent fertility rate?
What's the long name of the country that got 3000000 on the indicator Arms exports in 1960?
Please list the Alpha2Codes of all the countries that have an indicator on Rural population in 1960.
What is the note for Australia on the indicator SP.ADO.TFRT?
What's the value of the indicator whose long definition is "Adolescent fertility rate is the number of births per 1,000 women ages 15-19." for the Arab World in 1960?
