nl_question
How many wrestlers are there?
Count the number of wrestlers.
List the names of wrestlers in descending order of days held.
What are the names of the wrestlers, ordered descending by days held?
What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held?
Return the name of the wrestler who had the lowest number of days held.
What are the distinct reigns of wrestlers whose location is not "Tokyo,Japan" ?
Give the different reigns of wrestlers who are not located in Tokyo, Japan.
What are the names and location of the wrestlers?
Give the names and locations of all wrestlers.
What are the elimination moves of wrestlers whose team is "Team Orton"?
Return the elimination movies of wrestlers on Team Orton.
What are the names of wrestlers and the elimination moves?
Give the names of wrestlers and their elimination moves.
List the names of wrestlers and the teams in elimination in descending order of days held.
What are the names of wrestlers and their teams in elimination, ordered descending by days held?
List the time of elimination of the wrestlers with largest days held.
What is the time of elimination for the wrestler with the most days held?
Show times of elimination of wrestlers with days held more than 50.
What are the times of elimination for wrestlers with over 50 days held?
Show different teams in eliminations and the number of eliminations from each team.
How many eliminations did each team have?
Show teams that have suffered more than three eliminations.
Which teams had more than 3 eliminations?
Show the reign and days held of wrestlers.
What are the reigns and days held of all wrestlers?
What are the names of wrestlers days held less than 100?
Return the names of wrestlers with fewer than 100 days held.
Please show the most common reigns of wrestlers.
Which reign is the most common among wrestlers?
List the locations that are shared by more than two wrestlers.
Which locations are shared by more than two wrestlers?
List the names of wrestlers that have not been eliminated.
What are the names of wrestlers who have never been eliminated?
Show the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by "Orton" and wrestlers eliminated by "Benjamin".
What are the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by Orton and wrestlers eliminated by Benjamin?
What is the number of distinct teams that suffer elimination?
How many different teams have had eliminated wrestlers?
Show the times of elimination by "Punk" or "Orton".
What are the times of elimination for any instances in which the elimination was done by Punk or Orton?
