nl_question
Find the total number of players.
How many players are there?
Find the total number of matches.
Count the number of matches.
List the first name and birth date of all players from the country with code USA.
What are the first names and birth dates of players from the USA?
Find the average age of losers and winners of all matches.
What are the average ages of losers and winners across matches?
Find the average rank of winners in all matches.
What is the average rank for winners in all matches?
Find the highest rank of losers in all matches.
What is the best rank of losers across all matches?
find the number of distinct country codes of all players.
How many distinct countries do players come from?
Find the number of distinct name of losers.
How many different loser names are there?
Find the name of tourney that has more than 10 matches.
What are the names of tournaments that have more than 10 matches?
List the names of all winners who played in both 2013 and 2016.
What are the names of players who won in both 2013 and 2016?
List the number of all matches who played in years of 2013 or 2016.
How many matches were played in 2013 or 2016?
What are the country code and first name of the players who won in both tourney WTA Championships and Australian Open?
What are the first names and country codes for players who won both the WTA Championships and the Australian Open?
Find the first name and country code of the oldest player.
What is the first name and country code of the oldest player?
List the first and last name of all players in the order of birth date.
What are the full names of all players, sorted by birth date?
List the first and last name of all players who are left / L hand in the order of birth date.
What are the full names of all left handed players, in order of birth date?
Find the first name and country code of the player who did the most number of tours.
What is the first name and country code of the player with the most tours?
Find the year that has the most number of matches.
Which year had the most matches?
Find the name and rank points of the winner who won the most times.
What is the name of the winner who has won the most matches, and how many rank points does this player have?
Find the name of the winner who has the highest rank points and participated in the Australian Open tourney.
What is the name of the winner with the most rank points who participated in the Australian Open tournament?
find the names of loser and winner who played in the match with greatest number of minutes.
What are the names of the winner and loser who played in the longest match?
Find the average ranking for each player and their first name.
What are the first names of all players, and their average rankings?
Find the total ranking points for each player and their first name.
What are the first names of all players, and their total ranking points?
find the number of players for each country.
How many players are from each country?
find the code of the country where has the greatest number of players.
What is the code of the country with the most players?
Find the codes of countries that have more than 50 players.
What are the codes of countries with more than 50 players?
Find the total number of tours for each ranking date.
How many total tours were there for each ranking date?
Find the number of matches happened in each year.
How many matches were played in each year?
Find the name and rank of the 3 youngest winners across all matches.
What are the names and ranks of the three youngest winners across all matches?
How many different winners both participated in the WTA Championships and were left handed?
Find the number of left handed winners who participated in the WTA Championships.
Find the first name, country code and birth date of the winner who has the highest rank points in all matches.
What is the first name, country code, and birth date of the player with the most winner rank points across all matches?
Find the number of players for each hand type.
How many players are there for each hand type?
