nl_question
List all the businesses with more than 4.5 stars
List all businesses with rating 3.5
List all user ids with name Michelle
Find all states in which there is a Whataburger
Find all cities in which there is a restaurant called " MGM Grand Buffet "
Find the cities of businesses rated below 1.5
Find all cities which has a " Taj Mahal " .
List all the reviews which rated a business less than 1
List all the restaurant rated more than 3.5
find all cities which has a " Taj Mahal " restaurant
list all the reviews by Niloofar
list all the businesses which have a review by Niloofar
list all the businesses which Niloofar rated 5
List all the reviews by Michelle for Italian restaurant
find the number of reviews written for " Cafe Zinho " restaurant in Texas
List all 5 star Italian restaurant
List all the neighbourhoods with Italian restaurant in Madison
List all the neighbourhoods with Italian restaurant rated less than 2.5 in Madison
find all the restaurant in Pennsylvania
List all businesses that are restaurant in Pennsylvania .
Find all the reviews for all Pet Groomers with more than 100 reviews
What are all the breweries in " Los Angeles " ?
Find all breweries in Los Angeles
Find all breweries in " Los Angeles "
Find all users who reviewed restaurant " Mesa Grill "
List the addresses of all Walmart in " Los Angeles "
Find all restaurant reviewed by Patrick in " Dallas "
Which restaurant in Dallas were reviewed by user Patrick ?
Find all Bars reviewed by Patrick
Find all Bars reviewed by Patrick with at least 3 stars
Find all users who have written tips for " Barrio Cafe " in 2015
Find all businesses in Texas with a rating below 2
Find all restaurant Seafood in Los Angeles
List all the Seafood restaurant in " Los Angeles "
Find all restaurant that serve Seafood in " Los Angeles "
Find all reviews by Patrick with a rating above 4
Find all Apple Store in " Los Angeles "
Find all Dallas restaurant with a rating above 4.5
What neighbourhood is restaurant " Flat Top Grill " in ?
Find all tips about " Vintner Grill " that received more than 9 likes
Find all reviews about " Kabob Palace " in year 2014
Find all users who have written tips about businesses in Dallas
Find all cities in Texas in which there is a restaurant called " MGM Grand Buffet "
Find the users who have given tips on Pet Groomers
Find all tips for " Cafe Zinho " in Texas .
List all users who reviewed businesses that are restaurant .
List all tips for " Cafe Zinho " in Pennsylvania in 2010 .
List all users who reviewed businesses that are restaurant in 2010 .
Find all the tips from a user who has written a review in 2012
Find all reviews for businesses rated 2.5
find the number of escape games in Madison
What is the number of escape games in Madison
How many escape games exist in Madison
What is the number of escape games in " Madison " ?
How many escape games are there in Madison ?
find the number of restaurant rated more than 3.5
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurant in " Los Angeles "
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurant in " Los Angeles " on Friday
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurant in " Los Angeles " per day
find the total checkins in Italian Delis in each state on Sunday
How many reviews has Niloofar written in 2015
what is the average rating given in Michelle reviews
What is the number of checkins for " Cafe Zinho " on Friday
how many users reviewed " Sushi Too " in Pittsburgh
What is the number of restaurant in Pittsburgh rated 4.5
How many tips have been written in 2015
What is the total likes on tips from Niloofar
What is the total likes on tips about " Cafe Zinho "
What is the total likes on tips from Niloofar about " Cafe Zinho "
How many tips has Michelle written in 2010
Return me the number of tips that are written by Michelle in 2010 .
How many tips has Michelle written in April
what is the number of restaurant in Texas
How many Bars in " Dallas " have a rating above 3.5 ?
How many Bars in Dallas have a rating above 3.5 ?
How many people reviewed the restaurant " Texas de Brazil " in Dallas Texas ?
How many people reviewed " Bistro Di Napoli " in 2015 ?
How many restaurant are there in the Hazelwood district of Dallas ?
How many Starbucks are there in Dallas Texas ?
How many reviews does " Acacia Cafe " have ?
Find the average number of checkins in restaurant " Barrio Cafe " per day
How many businesses are there in the " Stone Meadows " neighbourhood in Madison ?
How many reviews has Adrienne written ?
How many reviews has Michelle written in March 2014 ?
How many businesses has Michelle reviewed in 2010 ?
How many businesses in " San Diego " has Christine reviewed in 2010 ?
How many Target are there in " Los Angeles " ?
How many users have reviewed Irish Pub in Dallas ?
What is the average rating of reviews written in year 2014 ?
How many people reviewed restaurant " Vintner Grill " in 2010 ?
Find the number of reviews on businesses located in " South Summerlin " neighbourhood
Find the number of users called Michelle
Return me the number of businesses that are restaurant .
Return me the number of cities that has " Panda Express " .
Return me the number of tips that are written by Michelle .
Find the total checkins in " Brighton Heights " neighbourhood
Find the total number of reviews written in March
Find the number of tips written in each month
How many neighbourhoods have a business with rating 5 in Madison ?
Give me all the Moroccan restaurant in Texas
which business has the most number of checkins
which neighbourhood has the most number of businesses in Madison
Find all Mexican restaurant in Dallas with at least 3.5 stars
Find all Mexican restaurant in Dallas with a rating above 3.5
Find all restaurant with Valet Service in Dallas Texas
Find all Italian restaurant in the Meadowood neighbourhood of Madison
Find all Bars in " Los Angeles " with at least 30 reviews and average rating above 3 stars
How many Egyptian restaurant are there in Edinburgh ?
Find users whose average review rating is below 3
Find the business with the most number of reviews in April
Find the business which has the most number of categories
